Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 510.921 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 404.12 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 389.927 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 427.68 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 395.818 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 401.171 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 438.767 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 414.681 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 415.321 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 432.053 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 401.888 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 412.286 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 421.235 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 455.862 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 425.703 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 413.106 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 454.175 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 424.68 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 438.148 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 468.777 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 434.305 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 427.581 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 469.571 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 438.75 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 439.834 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 475.29 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 440.163 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 451.11 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 480.996 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 449.697 ms
mixedload done
