Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

ServerPid: <0.79.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 1162.48 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 1035.784 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 1054.783 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 1112.484 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 1088.885 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 998.165 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 1096.874 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 1110.693 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 1104.234 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 1024.767 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 1099.02 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 996.99 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 1090.195 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 1009.688 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 1095.797 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 1075.472 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 1068.945 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 1036.53 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 1128.327 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 976.08 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 1100.792 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 1008.567 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 1098.198 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 1089.173 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 1073.785 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 1032.117 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 1033.663 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 947.902 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 1040.648 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 980.936 ms
readwrite done
