Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

ServerPid: <0.79.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 1153.704 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 1028.269 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 1050.019 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 1101.838 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 1047.242 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 998.387 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 1090.913 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 1099.368 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 1099.026 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 1017.993 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 1101.688 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 970.815 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 1085.412 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 1006.413 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 1103.243 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 1064.746 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 1079.195 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 1034.17 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 1145.792 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 956.339 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 1057.081 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 987.043 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 1079.463 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 1069.958 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 1014.317 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 1034.969 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 1023.247 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 979.44 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 1085.235 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 989.705 ms
readwrite done
