Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

ServerPid: <0.79.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 1161.211 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 1016.524 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 1039.545 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 1083.612 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 1051.165 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 994.464 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 1029.241 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 1080.094 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 1013.883 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 1059.984 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 1067.746 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 977.482 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 1075.849 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 990.075 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 1067.593 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 1079.186 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 1039.034 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 1010.221 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 1132.773 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 971.236 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 1056.062 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 983.172 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 1084.916 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 1057.134 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 1039.239 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 1051.933 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 960.029 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 1049.299 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 1071.127 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 980.395 ms
readwrite done
