Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 524.456 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 420.137 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 428.304 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 456.962 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 427.164 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 444.727 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 469.486 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 426.87 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 441.287 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 469.014 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 421.602 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 416.993 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 425.845 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 449.752 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 408.535 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 410.406 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 465.218 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 395.418 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 425.304 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 476.343 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 425.325 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 403.567 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 467.362 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 433.351 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 423.791 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 468.51 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 431.082 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 419.339 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 458.684 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 426.808 ms
mixedload done
