Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

ServerPid: <0.79.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 1159.884 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 999.718 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 1045.414 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 1101.212 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 1083.857 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 999.711 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 1086.086 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 1041.424 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 1040.095 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 1074.86 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 1095.596 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 970.435 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 1067.59 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 987.177 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 1050.109 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 1055.639 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 1051.113 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 1024.031 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 1146.715 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 963.984 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 1082.803 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 975.008 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 1088.809 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 1059.77 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 1041.511 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 1008.782 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 1021.98 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 947.003 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 1040.397 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 957.418 ms
readwrite done
