Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 508.213 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 459.894 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 427.898 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 436.131 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 446.371 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 427.193 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 448.541 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 443.873 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 434.63 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 438.438 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 454.383 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 440.034 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 434.924 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 449.193 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 453.958 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 423.083 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 433.982 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 418.507 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 417.937 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 430.085 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 433.529 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 428.492 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 436.921 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 422.325 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 441.479 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 464.453 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 415.152 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 426.645 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 407.725 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 421.084 ms
readonly done
