Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

ServerPid: <0.79.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 1114.031 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 979.175 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 991.044 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 1071.588 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 1050.128 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 979.029 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 1069.269 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 1070.833 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 1013.924 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 1031.692 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 1059.268 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 958.023 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 1063.427 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 952.002 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 1061.026 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 1032.932 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 1007.941 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 987.343 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 1107.793 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 952.587 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 1059.965 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 958.005 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 1023.199 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 1062.356 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 1046.52 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 1039.996 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 1031.046 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 960.833 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 1044.934 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 964.772 ms
readwrite done
