Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

ServerPid: <0.79.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 1129.323 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 1014.707 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 1040.434 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 1115.692 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 1079.029 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 998.718 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 1075.993 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 1091.728 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 1096.054 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 1022.377 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 1066.759 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 977.287 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 1084.597 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 992.62 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 1066.418 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 1065.597 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 1044.885 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 1023.091 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 1133.468 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 959.949 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 1044.984 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 927.638 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 1052.786 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 1035.177 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 1041.544 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 1057.772 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 1060.797 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 968.35 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 1101.102 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 1002.04 ms
readwrite done
