Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

ServerPid: <0.79.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 930.523 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 781.854 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 787.127 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 830.969 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 777.985 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 782.763 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 812.371 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 815.375 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 829.151 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 811.743 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 759.738 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 861.08 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 815.926 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 795.364 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 813.699 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 831.674 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 804.397 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 795.693 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 833.641 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 791.425 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 811.348 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 789.687 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 805.111 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 837.001 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 801.969 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 802.985 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 792.111 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 812.14 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 807.556 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 789.719 ms
readwrite done
