Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 507.622 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 464.875 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 430.362 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 424.832 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 436.292 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 432.944 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 424.694 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 431.757 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 430.533 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 428.938 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 433.102 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 444.647 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 436.498 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 439.074 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 415.636 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 419.553 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 424.878 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 415.88 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 420.681 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 417.402 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 427.831 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 426.29 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 428.524 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 427.781 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 431.197 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 470.536 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 410.542 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 433.383 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 424.207 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 413.042 ms
readonly done
