Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 492.734 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 460.951 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 423.572 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 429.953 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 437.227 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 439.435 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 448.602 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 441.471 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 445.974 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 443.694 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 438.065 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 431.537 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 421.149 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 436.831 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 430.563 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 433.353 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 437.84 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 438.105 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 439.766 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 446.702 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 440.839 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 441.16 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 438.104 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 428.343 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 451.438 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 478.769 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 437.228 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 435.506 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 437.738 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 445.626 ms
readonly done
