Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 517.055 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 434.687 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 437.991 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 478.541 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 447.348 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 453.398 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 478.395 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 447.876 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 449.746 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 486.935 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 453.815 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 453.352 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 453.042 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 503.889 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 449.046 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 451.391 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 495.797 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 444.665 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 465.815 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 494.558 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 454.385 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 474.643 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 505.058 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 472.452 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 463.654 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 492.552 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 462.188 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 440.313 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 499.646 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 462.791 ms
mixedload done
