Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

ServerPid: <0.79.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 1132.534 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 1015.231 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 1036.185 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 1084.178 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 1042.263 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 974.22 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 1054.731 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 1064.04 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 1041.135 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 1006.122 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 1002.112 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 947.378 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 1045.96 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 963.648 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 1042.274 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 1042.729 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 1001.362 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 964.947 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 1096.027 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 959.452 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 1031.515 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 977.157 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 1061.352 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 1063.166 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 1028.492 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 1049.951 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 1031.278 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 949.794 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 1027.08 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 945.286 ms
readwrite done
