Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 509.074 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 454.85 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 411.825 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 444.894 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 435.883 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 436.371 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 419.624 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 438.872 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 437.759 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 435.107 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 435.909 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 433.989 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 413.213 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 425.141 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 430.781 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 449.766 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 438.967 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 446.383 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 445.891 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 448.151 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 443.127 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 432.749 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 441.435 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 448.504 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 464.102 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 491.058 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 437.173 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 435.216 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 436.61 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 458.44 ms
readonly done
