Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

ServerPid: <0.79.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 1021.191 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 881.606 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 910.166 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 956.008 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 932.62 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 833.16 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 930.739 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 944.569 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 932.944 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 896.949 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 896.457 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 859.753 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 935.298 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 856.872 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 940.138 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 927.069 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 900.173 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 900.779 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 939.162 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 866.973 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 975.897 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 859.013 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 951.986 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 952.557 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 927.439 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 883.833 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 916.782 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 865.716 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 966.982 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 861.043 ms
readwrite done
