Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 534.041 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 419.809 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 417.214 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 464.945 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 424.228 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 429.219 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 469.947 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 421.915 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 431.567 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 464.901 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 444.865 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 437.927 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 441.036 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 461.871 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 437.19 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 428.733 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 465.497 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 438.295 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 434.411 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 464.325 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 431.851 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 426.054 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 474.505 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 422.17 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 444.729 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 475.777 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 437.23 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 435.036 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 463.005 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 430.336 ms
mixedload done
