Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 440.263 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 318.558 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 322.824 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 368.105 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 334.825 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 335.289 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 374.625 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 337.957 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 338.168 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 373.199 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 341.984 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 347.546 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 348.76 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 379.871 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 349.417 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 346.371 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 386.53 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 346.256 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 350.058 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 383.554 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 351.79 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 354.555 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 386.065 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 357.935 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 356.954 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 382.908 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 354.868 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 362.147 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 397.331 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 357.338 ms
mixedload done
