Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 518.559 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 403.843 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 391.21 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 443.429 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 412.848 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 411.891 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 437.561 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 408.85 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 407.587 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 456.902 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 410.099 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 422.912 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 409.29 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 450.09 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 411.713 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 427.348 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 465.524 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 426.824 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 413.01 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 457.35 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 411.888 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 404.746 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 461.295 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 427.686 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 428.334 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 468.377 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 416.746 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 440.125 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 464.418 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 426.394 ms
mixedload done
