Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 534.265 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 431.258 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 420.457 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 477.934 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 441.673 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 450.377 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 482.044 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 433.547 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 442.621 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 471.949 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 437.132 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 435.144 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 449.059 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 487.404 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 426.356 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 444.889 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 485.913 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 443.929 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 438.997 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 495.41 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 438.368 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 455.159 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 479.323 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 446.008 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 434.572 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 464.266 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 423.357 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 417.736 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 475.37 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 418.359 ms
mixedload done
