Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 499.798 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 440.028 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 419.395 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 439.182 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 426.017 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 425.614 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 410.601 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 411.076 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 409.304 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 408.164 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 403.323 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 418.807 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 418.558 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 426.669 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 427.681 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 423.415 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 417.888 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 413.015 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 418.372 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 422.362 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 428.139 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 423.875 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 410.898 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 435.116 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 425.774 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 470.119 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 422.409 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 423.523 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 429.42 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 425.596 ms
readonly done
