Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 500.952 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 426.095 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 401.586 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 469.278 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 437.419 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 433.39 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 484.233 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 447.156 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 439.644 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 486.659 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 453.98 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 447.595 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 444.275 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 488.661 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 451.308 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 452.172 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 486.187 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 458.203 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 449.61 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 477.344 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 448.576 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 445.454 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 476.844 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 447.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 448.276 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 490.04 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 440.075 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 431.509 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 463.492 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 435.549 ms
mixedload done
