Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

ServerPid: <0.79.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 1131.499 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 993.592 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 985.979 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 1025.419 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 1023.548 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 964.099 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 1042.391 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 1080.26 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 1035.916 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 993.773 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 1061.4 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 957.909 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 1044.31 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 960.263 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 1077.503 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 1051.342 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 1043.491 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 991.834 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 1119.215 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 954.737 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 1064.999 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 956.225 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 1056.242 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 1048.543 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 1038.967 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 1034.478 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 1011.148 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 920.405 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 1031.759 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 955.493 ms
readwrite done
