Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 503.162 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 469.664 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 436.941 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 421.519 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 434.01 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 425.171 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 443.425 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 436.223 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 426.883 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 440.495 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 445.571 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 431.456 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 444.802 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 438.557 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 451.15 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 430.572 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 449.192 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 433.225 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 430.947 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 434.506 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 396.166 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 426.064 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 435.511 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 430.1 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 422.635 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 460.954 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 419.318 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 411.779 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 405.317 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 408.572 ms
readonly done
