Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 421.58 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 346.4 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 332.68 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 341.624 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 345.836 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 341.136 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 344.885 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 345.754 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 344.295 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 343.837 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 340.337 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 351.262 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 338.701 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 340.938 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 343.274 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 350.81 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 345.282 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 345.665 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 348.604 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 345.767 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 344.75 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 344.567 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 359.965 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 359.476 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 353.346 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 394.517 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 346.059 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 342.615 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 348.688 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 346.733 ms
readonly done
