Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 522.088 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 476.516 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 439.806 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 447.383 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 435.905 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 424.022 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 440.855 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 436.994 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 432.149 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 440.88 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 449.092 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 430.505 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 444.843 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 451.648 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 444.438 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 448.669 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 448.202 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 439.299 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 449.793 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 432.403 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 443.552 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 423.069 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 443.912 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 440.296 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 419.039 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 470.538 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 447.662 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 436.634 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 446.565 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 447.848 ms
readonly done
