Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 484.424 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 370.236 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 366.738 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 421.915 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 399.77 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 400.681 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 423.728 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 394.459 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 393.615 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 442.343 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 386.477 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 398.172 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 399.215 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 439.853 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 410.96 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 392.454 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 457.353 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 418.821 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 400.631 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 435.074 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 396.155 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 404.151 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 436.84 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 397.171 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 417.412 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 446.256 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 410.883 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 421.254 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 451.949 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 403.625 ms
mixedload done
