Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 538.022 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 435.001 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 430.218 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 481.944 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 430.906 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 437.373 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 479.904 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 453.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 443.954 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 491.334 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 451.645 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 435.228 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 450.087 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 476.733 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 445.321 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 445.827 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 490.609 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 443.52 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 451.603 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 474.609 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 449.189 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 449.591 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 502.386 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 455.673 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 451.022 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 483.484 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 453.733 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 440.956 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 492.92 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 439.558 ms
mixedload done
