Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 447.768 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 377.396 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 354.028 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 351.582 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 364.059 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 357.458 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 381.193 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 376.255 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 352.434 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 377.964 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 369.076 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 375.159 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 368.147 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 371.279 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 377.55 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 369.161 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 372.545 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 369.158 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 371.579 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 368.888 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 368.89 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 367.552 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 378.265 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 378.323 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 374.122 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 413.615 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 356.261 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 364.996 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 383.68 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 386.506 ms
readonly done
