Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 496.281 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 438.917 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 390.64 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 406.665 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 421.958 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 414.604 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 428.036 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 424.874 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 422.098 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 435.098 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 431.643 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 421.592 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 422.813 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 425.2 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 420.901 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 422.48 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 429.735 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 429.624 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 428.411 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 426.93 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 424.048 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 426.943 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 421.958 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 425.421 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 425.16 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 472.283 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 414.156 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 418.302 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 423.443 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 415.811 ms
readonly done
