Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 542.384 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 437.85 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 433.279 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 469.881 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 441.81 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 447.289 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 487.228 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 436.099 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 448.248 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 480.293 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 449.023 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 447.421 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 458.504 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 489.217 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 455.476 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 451.75 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 494.108 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 458.128 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 443.737 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 493.374 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 461.196 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 467.764 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 492.437 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 465.808 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 456.608 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 513.342 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 456.514 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 449.585 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 500.629 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 460.627 ms
mixedload done
