Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

ServerPid: <0.79.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 1072.665 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 979.33 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 983.461 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 1046.277 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 1001.222 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 921.903 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 1031.075 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 1042.893 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 996.147 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 947.69 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 1009.567 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 933.655 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 1010.31 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 927.323 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 1027.952 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 1018.249 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 992.309 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 971.228 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 1063.812 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 903.129 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 1019.341 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 928.257 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 1016.536 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 1011.854 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 993.139 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 1014.72 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 1012.45 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 923.478 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 1033.585 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 930.707 ms
readwrite done
