Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

ServerPid: <0.79.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 990.824 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 841.392 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 866.121 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 909.746 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 863.47 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 822.963 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 895.681 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 887.088 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 895.734 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 826.143 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 848.976 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 811.121 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 880.993 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 813.747 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 892.14 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 896.729 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 875.904 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 829.325 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 901.361 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 803.636 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 897.864 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 819.441 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 890.037 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 898.355 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 878.618 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 832.904 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 861.668 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 803.608 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 883.985 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 834.41 ms
readwrite done
