Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 541.936 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 427.592 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 436.993 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 484.772 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 447.994 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 440.953 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 458.598 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 424.411 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 445.484 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 477.718 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 437.745 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 445.505 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 448.158 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 480.163 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 444.732 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 450.929 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 476.23 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 450.45 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 461.821 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 490.349 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 453.959 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 444.918 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 498.361 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 440.536 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 460.087 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 495.682 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 459.463 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 467.711 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 519.526 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 467.534 ms
mixedload done
