Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

ServerPid: <0.79.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 1112.431 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 958.965 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 995.454 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 1052.468 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 1044.286 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 936.228 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 1048.62 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 1053.646 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 1060.69 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 992.053 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 1077.882 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 958.515 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 1057.352 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 973.971 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 1058.626 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 1049.233 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 1025.767 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 1001.214 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 1112.013 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 959.775 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 1063.244 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 956.185 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 1047.147 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 1065.176 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 1041.927 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 1027.196 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 1019.503 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 945.48 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 1053.106 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 948.747 ms
readwrite done
