Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 501.428 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 464.537 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 431.555 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 425.309 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 446.486 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 434.759 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 444.561 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 434.485 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 431.976 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 432.808 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 438.926 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 447.587 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 438.822 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 447.121 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 443.092 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 439.634 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 436.829 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 449.745 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 443.396 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 432.576 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 441.708 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 446.438 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 446.379 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 433.077 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 446.517 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 469.304 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 433.303 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 408.344 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 430.911 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 417.515 ms
readonly done
