Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

ServerPid: <0.79.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 1138.464 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 1003.618 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 1034.514 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 1101.58 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 1059.292 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 994.517 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 1081.481 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 1060.21 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 1055.912 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 985.824 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 1070.978 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 982.191 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 1064.921 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 976.058 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 1091.751 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 1075.296 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 1056.851 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 1009.572 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 1116.416 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 976.593 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 1051.464 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 956.409 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 1060.618 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 1048.624 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 1033.9 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 1033.569 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 1046.578 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 965.119 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 1031.367 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 961.704 ms
readwrite done
