Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 521.389 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 461.737 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 438.687 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 421.258 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 418.652 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 438.641 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 437.745 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 427.583 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 441.192 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 444.15 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 450.435 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 436.458 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 433.675 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 443.525 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 442.906 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 437.361 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 431.031 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 440.909 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 434.718 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 444.395 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 433.02 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 439.494 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 453.609 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 449.421 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 457.111 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 482.985 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 450.123 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 438.825 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 448.81 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 437.107 ms
readonly done
