Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

ServerPid: <0.79.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 1153.813 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 1023.481 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 1059.072 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 1097.191 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 1060.983 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 992.396 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 1079.49 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 1089.548 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 1085.231 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 1024.689 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 1103.501 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 985.38 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 1058.624 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 987.134 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 1076.025 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 1050.25 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 1057.077 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 997.775 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 1131.237 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 987.482 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 1078.724 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 970.517 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 1075.111 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 1068.663 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 1048.826 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 1056.653 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 1051.821 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 981.619 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 1073.864 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 959.048 ms
readwrite done
