Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 538.403 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 429.27 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 434.106 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 470.89 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 437.732 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 432.767 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 477.866 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 438.453 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 438.103 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 484.9 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 441.502 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 443.579 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 435.784 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 492.439 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 444.429 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 451.594 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 493.487 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 453.058 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 467.033 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 500.679 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 443.527 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 447.14 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 481.189 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 455.496 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 448.917 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 485.503 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 450.903 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 453.506 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 480.416 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 449.744 ms
mixedload done
