Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 504.134 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 453.696 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 423.223 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 435.71 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 431.997 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 434.252 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 432.811 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 425.275 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 415.08 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 407.231 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 407.071 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 435.604 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 434.674 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 425.315 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 427.296 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 431.015 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 432.028 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 431.5 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 431.833 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 422.079 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 431.647 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 425.073 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 430.868 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 423.193 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 433.229 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 484.82 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 422.174 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 436.725 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 438.267 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 438.532 ms
readonly done
