Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 538.657 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 429.055 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 434.121 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 482.836 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 437.408 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 436.384 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 480.729 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 436.902 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 434.708 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 454.048 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 437.113 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 448.348 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 433.854 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 471.146 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 440.645 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 441.095 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 473.926 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 431.504 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 438.413 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 475.18 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 421.094 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 404.558 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 459.043 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 427.554 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 429.203 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 437.283 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 394.879 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 410.977 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 468.481 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 448.582 ms
mixedload done
