Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

ServerPid: <0.79.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 912.681 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 800.57 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 829.1 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 835.01 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 834.558 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 785.684 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 838.327 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 850.133 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 816.286 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 847.614 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 804.173 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 767.471 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 848.47 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 785.194 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 844.725 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 835.668 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 820.276 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 806.449 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 823.816 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 781.497 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 846.314 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 785.929 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 845.328 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 863.631 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 846.119 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 786.422 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 810.428 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 783.12 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 844.154 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 783.194 ms
readwrite done
