Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 518.449 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 422.923 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 425.437 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 448.057 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 425.101 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 421.463 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 451.73 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 401.103 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 408.063 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 452.863 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 407.209 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 389.286 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 393.469 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 435.839 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 425.023 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 412.328 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 443.826 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 421.553 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 432.974 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 454.488 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 428.682 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 428.093 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 481.047 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 417.31 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 429.149 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 470.406 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 416.531 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 444.336 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 486.155 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 447.0 ms
mixedload done
