Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

ServerPid: <0.79.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 1144.432 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 1008.94 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 995.801 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 1077.632 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 1036.766 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 961.328 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 1079.551 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 1090.171 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 1026.688 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 1065.083 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 1085.33 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 973.321 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 1059.893 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 950.637 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 1052.967 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 1073.652 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 1027.386 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 1006.02 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 1099.753 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 956.456 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 1064.325 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 956.553 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 1062.119 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 1058.257 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 1033.526 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 1045.468 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 1044.36 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 966.174 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 1055.301 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 977.721 ms
readwrite done
