Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

ServerPid: <0.79.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 1169.12 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 1028.104 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 1029.108 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 1091.549 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 1063.311 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 988.567 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 1058.129 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 1100.919 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 1073.586 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 1014.911 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 1090.732 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 975.912 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 1086.265 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 992.61 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 1090.984 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 1062.258 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 1055.719 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 1009.048 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 1123.546 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 950.861 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 1058.333 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 977.017 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 1052.281 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 1044.668 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 1041.969 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 1026.762 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 1027.403 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 957.087 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 1053.13 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 967.248 ms
readwrite done
