Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 433.951 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 352.854 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 344.672 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 339.024 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 340.683 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 345.069 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 349.634 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 347.782 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 350.936 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 344.806 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 350.007 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 343.918 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 356.351 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 346.582 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 347.682 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 353.432 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 347.093 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 346.233 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 347.683 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 354.152 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 356.606 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 356.428 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 339.365 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 337.129 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 345.887 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 375.169 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 340.081 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 343.149 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 344.578 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 343.778 ms
readonly done
