Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 509.86 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 453.323 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 409.636 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 435.076 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 428.367 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 429.559 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 429.598 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 420.28 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 420.43 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 424.804 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 436.432 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 419.929 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 434.961 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 433.533 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 423.232 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 431.585 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 435.732 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 425.755 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 405.394 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 419.873 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 426.947 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 430.181 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 419.411 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 418.041 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 414.378 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 455.226 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 415.614 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 412.964 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 412.389 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 406.228 ms
readonly done
