Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 533.097 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 434.538 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 429.646 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 477.148 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 441.71 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 441.354 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 473.846 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 440.978 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 459.695 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 485.903 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 446.412 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 441.471 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 451.406 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 493.332 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 458.818 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 451.666 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 496.083 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 442.771 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 435.416 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 490.862 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 445.793 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 463.294 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 501.696 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 457.324 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 452.109 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 493.705 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 453.781 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 446.522 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 478.51 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 447.63 ms
mixedload done
