Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 491.513 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 438.722 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 426.261 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 428.169 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 425.243 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 419.017 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 408.308 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 416.28 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 408.879 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 411.529 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 423.837 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 412.123 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 415.528 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 423.077 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 428.893 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 424.089 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 430.14 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 429.01 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 413.116 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 437.142 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 419.555 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 407.925 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 419.283 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 423.998 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 428.192 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 476.588 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 428.965 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 426.68 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 427.143 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 426.888 ms
readonly done
