Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 472.907 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 367.517 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 359.648 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 407.032 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 350.085 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 358.587 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 396.516 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 369.155 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 365.614 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 421.706 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 368.979 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 391.477 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 387.687 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 419.975 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 371.848 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 391.373 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 441.526 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 385.342 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 378.277 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 433.566 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 395.182 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 401.686 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 433.153 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 393.864 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 387.23 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 418.353 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 395.94 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 404.078 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 432.311 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 402.882 ms
mixedload done
