Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 488.967 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 424.942 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 400.069 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 388.044 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 398.701 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 413.742 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 403.456 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 415.513 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 400.643 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 410.071 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 397.604 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 401.231 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 411.375 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 417.889 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 415.022 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 422.891 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 401.398 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 414.706 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 412.655 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 402.141 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 414.809 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 411.568 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 404.407 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 421.768 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 406.38 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 451.121 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 413.515 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 404.154 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 424.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 411.338 ms
readonly done
