Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

ServerPid: <0.79.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 1145.949 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 1031.234 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 1063.505 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 1121.024 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 1086.484 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 1007.974 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 1079.466 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 1073.584 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 1084.017 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 1018.944 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 1085.831 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 968.051 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 1083.289 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 997.53 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 1089.139 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 1088.053 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 1056.057 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 991.767 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 1119.395 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 959.112 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 1057.402 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 982.489 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 1069.371 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 1044.96 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 1048.54 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 1033.22 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 1039.665 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 940.858 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 1031.812 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 979.248 ms
readwrite done
