Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 454.647 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 318.458 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 331.103 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 373.724 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 336.533 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 335.808 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 379.388 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 333.009 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 345.556 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 391.195 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 338.054 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 348.609 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 361.023 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 387.729 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 349.721 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 351.31 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 380.276 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 359.463 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 359.776 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 392.765 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 348.098 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 361.083 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 399.667 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 350.624 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 354.159 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 396.138 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 363.571 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 361.329 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 402.753 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 357.843 ms
mixedload done
