Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 514.619 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 411.982 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 408.585 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 453.314 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 409.072 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 397.316 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 444.881 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 404.978 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 425.406 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 468.674 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 423.263 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 424.671 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 420.49 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 446.482 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 419.286 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 424.146 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 470.954 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 421.749 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 413.37 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 456.607 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 427.832 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 429.081 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 472.215 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 431.433 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 427.367 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 465.887 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 419.539 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 428.258 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 462.496 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 439.585 ms
mixedload done
