Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

ServerPid: <0.79.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 1116.827 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 1009.995 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 1033.282 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 1098.277 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 1062.247 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 987.308 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 1061.463 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 1067.987 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 988.419 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 1029.993 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 1068.874 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 976.883 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 1067.794 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 959.918 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 1048.675 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 1063.663 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 1023.898 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 993.721 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 1094.079 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 951.253 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 1064.051 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 968.565 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 1055.391 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 1037.154 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 1026.802 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 1022.657 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 1038.963 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 965.344 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 1064.966 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 947.901 ms
readwrite done
