Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

ServerPid: <0.79.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 1132.825 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 1020.1 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 1032.381 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 1076.137 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 1050.385 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 985.541 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 1043.582 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 1028.256 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 1063.721 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 972.732 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 1002.469 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 968.845 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 1024.476 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 932.913 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 1059.243 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 1045.807 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 1025.117 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 973.779 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 1087.804 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 956.275 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 1047.795 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 942.608 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 1061.836 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 1046.932 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 1040.585 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 1037.625 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 1034.624 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 951.903 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 1049.236 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 959.778 ms
readwrite done
