Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

ServerPid: <0.79.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 1147.045 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 1035.407 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 1035.833 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 1106.265 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 1074.709 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 1004.409 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 1091.079 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 1072.074 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 1035.835 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 1075.305 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 1075.115 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 985.126 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 1047.645 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 973.929 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 1025.352 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 1054.21 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 1059.707 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 999.318 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 1131.267 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 966.073 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 1072.362 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 965.053 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 1061.297 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 1071.754 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 1060.571 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 1049.39 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 1061.349 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 976.374 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 1071.289 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 1000.3 ms
readwrite done
