Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

ServerPid: <0.79.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 1154.068 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 1033.829 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 1045.913 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 1102.479 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 1067.595 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 992.747 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 1077.447 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 1083.423 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 1092.951 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 1026.535 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 1074.395 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 994.259 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 1074.188 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 1010.941 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 1080.272 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 1082.36 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 1068.756 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 1024.632 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 1135.089 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 977.747 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 1086.133 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 981.821 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 1067.627 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 1064.79 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 1053.664 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 1039.148 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 966.062 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 1052.458 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 1041.527 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 950.342 ms
readwrite done
