Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 523.59 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 410.077 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 427.484 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 463.84 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 413.58 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 426.503 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 467.804 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 419.232 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 411.84 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 460.449 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 419.038 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 435.901 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 423.904 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 465.639 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 426.59 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 429.603 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 474.157 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 434.055 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 431.722 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 467.988 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 423.072 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 429.994 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 467.495 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 412.988 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 428.618 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 466.515 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 418.531 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 404.136 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 472.214 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 418.737 ms
mixedload done
