Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 502.948 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 470.606 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 435.644 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 443.542 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 450.888 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 440.468 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 443.346 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 447.785 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 455.084 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 436.295 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 455.345 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 449.421 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 446.664 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 448.454 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 453.082 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 449.278 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 442.428 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 438.941 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 449.304 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 458.961 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 454.205 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 452.894 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 450.031 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 447.888 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 444.303 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 487.97 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 449.435 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 441.392 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 458.177 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 452.695 ms
readonly done
