Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 505.527 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 397.888 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 403.523 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 441.671 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 398.836 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 406.309 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 451.317 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 400.238 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 404.044 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 438.211 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 391.945 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 406.282 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 403.16 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 462.56 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 410.777 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 419.645 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 457.55 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 419.425 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 418.376 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 469.038 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 422.089 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 433.901 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 464.279 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 433.082 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 431.582 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 466.596 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 435.084 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 432.384 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 466.177 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 418.322 ms
mixedload done
