Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 479.868 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 341.115 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 350.985 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 389.364 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 377.763 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 383.223 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 408.354 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 390.095 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 376.931 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 407.739 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 375.453 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 361.285 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 374.425 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 413.221 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 391.337 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 377.165 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 410.499 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 379.773 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 388.51 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 416.093 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 380.478 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 387.948 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 432.962 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 395.28 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 365.825 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 420.584 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 386.897 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 388.772 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 418.167 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 384.981 ms
mixedload done
