Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 496.329 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 437.45 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 427.035 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 418.43 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 421.658 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 428.939 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 414.423 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 418.792 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 408.657 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 406.23 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 404.805 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 417.917 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 415.77 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 421.791 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 425.636 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 409.996 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 415.9 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 418.493 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 414.942 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 422.516 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 420.764 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 418.094 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 418.743 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 404.071 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 408.804 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 455.22 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 395.309 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 410.479 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 416.422 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 415.072 ms
readonly done
