Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 505.646 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 408.751 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 405.408 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 425.67 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 407.95 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 386.305 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 448.117 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 391.521 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 403.266 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 419.493 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 392.232 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 387.332 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 383.125 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 441.696 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 403.441 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 415.247 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 442.864 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 396.881 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 414.448 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 453.97 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 409.89 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 414.83 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 464.841 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 435.495 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 419.657 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 465.876 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 434.215 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 414.622 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 466.527 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 424.729 ms
mixedload done
