Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

ServerPid: <0.79.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 1150.953 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 1016.715 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 1064.2 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 1105.407 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 1074.921 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 991.358 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 1080.093 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 1103.623 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 1029.248 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 1087.583 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 1100.909 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 993.262 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 1083.145 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 994.249 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 1103.708 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 1082.412 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 1072.847 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 1035.674 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 1155.967 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 989.236 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 1086.807 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 988.426 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 1103.485 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 1055.456 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 1080.039 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 1064.042 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 976.742 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 1069.12 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 1074.175 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 980.216 ms
readwrite done
