Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

ServerPid: <0.79.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 1124.525 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 984.613 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 995.162 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 1083.757 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 1041.511 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 935.633 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 1070.021 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 1073.39 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 1061.846 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 993.453 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 1033.927 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 975.689 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 1041.143 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 965.28 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 1046.802 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 1046.249 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 1031.535 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 990.753 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 1124.118 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 943.915 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 1073.576 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 949.143 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 1056.937 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 1057.654 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 953.142 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 1022.361 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 1010.394 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 965.263 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 1066.884 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 967.031 ms
readwrite done
