Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 481.126 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 428.906 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 416.7 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 415.591 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 419.586 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 412.79 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 412.9 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 409.675 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 420.081 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 417.052 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 392.177 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 403.412 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 422.995 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 423.242 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 424.27 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 417.34 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 412.618 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 413.623 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 422.782 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 417.836 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 428.382 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 423.644 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 414.781 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 427.285 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 416.287 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 449.897 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 416.91 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 405.478 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 415.394 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 417.481 ms
readonly done
