Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 531.289 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 428.226 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 428.287 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 469.603 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 437.208 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 440.298 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 461.939 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 423.174 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 431.849 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 472.536 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 453.259 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 433.203 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 434.092 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 492.512 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 451.744 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 438.277 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 480.817 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 455.141 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 438.399 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 475.624 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 444.405 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 448.087 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 503.525 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 462.964 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 443.368 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 495.068 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 451.136 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 454.394 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 499.698 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 455.452 ms
mixedload done
