Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 500.467 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 460.061 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 436.071 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 431.94 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 434.881 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 439.232 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 436.838 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 438.869 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 439.689 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 426.688 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 439.302 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 431.976 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 431.276 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 438.413 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 436.273 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 429.916 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 427.707 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 431.876 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 430.182 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 417.205 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 408.031 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 407.356 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 413.416 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 427.25 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 425.12 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 451.084 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 398.309 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 423.982 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 427.072 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 427.461 ms
readonly done
