Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 530.603 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 427.619 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 424.228 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 464.579 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 429.46 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 432.776 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 463.063 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 429.199 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 440.123 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 476.205 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 441.805 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 427.263 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 437.112 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 471.803 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 446.499 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 432.12 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 470.405 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 437.324 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 427.967 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 461.969 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 420.187 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 423.311 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 478.471 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 440.938 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 436.326 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 464.77 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 434.201 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 424.569 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 461.82 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 426.696 ms
mixedload done
