Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

ServerPid: <0.79.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 1100.113 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 996.382 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 1003.12 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 1088.801 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 1049.369 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 957.643 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 1048.301 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 1077.57 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 1080.009 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 992.977 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 1066.124 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 966.171 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 1046.245 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 955.496 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 1043.68 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 1048.743 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 1028.088 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 999.252 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 1084.702 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 934.062 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 1006.217 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 953.663 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 999.924 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 1019.074 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 966.694 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 1006.777 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 1007.135 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 940.649 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 993.785 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 956.046 ms
readwrite done
