Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

ServerPid: <0.79.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 1177.587 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 1037.004 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 1064.948 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 1112.885 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 1098.4 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 1004.375 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 1082.263 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 1099.303 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 1121.551 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 1017.317 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 1093.439 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 996.959 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 1079.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 1003.177 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 1096.398 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 1071.177 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 1058.51 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 1021.292 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 1164.5 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 998.137 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 1109.577 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 1003.632 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 1103.484 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 1092.45 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 1075.908 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 1073.803 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 1041.215 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 975.789 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 1095.492 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 990.661 ms
readwrite done
