Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

ServerPid: <0.79.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 1142.206 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 1014.108 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 1047.815 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 1087.305 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 1071.411 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 980.541 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 1067.704 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 1087.999 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 1084.387 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 1012.219 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 1087.598 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 980.021 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 1051.828 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 967.456 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 1084.617 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 1045.737 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 1061.601 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 969.079 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 1102.806 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 920.248 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 1033.357 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 945.737 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 1038.472 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 1015.016 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 1016.949 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 997.471 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 993.837 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 958.663 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 1045.845 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 944.462 ms
readwrite done
