Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

ServerPid: <0.79.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 1111.93 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 996.572 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 1007.246 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 1062.867 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 1025.108 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 953.103 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 1053.104 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 1046.639 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 981.662 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 1029.651 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 1061.976 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 955.503 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 1053.316 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 960.927 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 1059.693 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 1037.576 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 1035.224 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 1004.977 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 1110.199 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 926.167 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 1018.717 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 958.223 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 1057.882 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 1040.042 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 1043.436 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 1028.143 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 1047.192 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 978.199 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 1067.102 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 971.089 ms
readwrite done
