Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

ServerPid: <0.79.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 1131.272 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 1019.521 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 1026.646 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 1094.509 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 1057.026 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 971.507 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 1056.24 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 1057.149 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 1044.954 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 986.366 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 1056.296 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 978.961 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 1061.228 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 960.294 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 1047.706 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 1019.332 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 1010.748 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 981.866 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 1098.978 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 957.807 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 1063.458 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 956.088 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 1028.141 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 1039.611 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 1030.88 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 1045.81 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 1023.134 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 960.252 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 1038.572 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 957.7 ms
readwrite done
