Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

ServerPid: <0.79.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 1139.414 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 995.604 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 984.285 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 1056.087 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 1052.845 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 962.756 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 1049.792 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 1065.986 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 1058.869 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 1002.41 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 1047.247 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 968.566 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 1042.311 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 959.376 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 1054.482 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 1045.164 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 994.323 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 951.199 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 1079.614 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 903.18 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 1028.238 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 945.065 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 1063.204 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 1049.845 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 1032.742 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 1017.123 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 1037.836 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 956.876 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 1032.074 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 957.12 ms
readwrite done
