Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

ServerPid: <0.79.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 1151.237 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 1024.336 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 1048.015 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 1085.149 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 1061.346 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 999.055 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 1084.527 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 1102.522 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 1100.03 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 1012.142 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 1067.5 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 975.618 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 1084.348 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 970.365 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 1087.46 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 1054.3 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 1058.809 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 1014.28 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 1130.642 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 977.401 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 1070.616 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 980.932 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 1054.267 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 1062.84 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 1070.217 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 1066.001 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 1049.513 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 965.684 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 1066.687 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 955.873 ms
readwrite done
