Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 502.025 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 463.148 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 425.115 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 429.82 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 428.498 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 440.428 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 441.474 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 446.389 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 451.918 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 454.023 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 431.713 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 436.891 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 445.632 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 438.482 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 438.283 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 435.053 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 429.261 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 421.469 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 412.667 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 412.802 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 428.463 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 419.732 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 434.612 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 431.415 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 417.348 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 451.036 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 407.7 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 432.395 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 437.557 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 423.145 ms
readonly done
