Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

ServerPid: <0.79.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 972.992 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 861.123 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 849.146 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 933.626 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 914.713 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 852.275 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 939.423 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 896.167 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 906.867 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 846.793 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 873.423 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 845.007 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 935.738 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 844.034 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 933.295 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 903.575 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 889.837 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 880.738 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 903.556 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 830.083 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 899.872 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 837.997 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 900.41 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 905.118 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 906.679 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 856.722 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 890.973 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 817.945 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 909.531 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 866.303 ms
readwrite done
