Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 423.727 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 351.717 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 330.726 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 336.951 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 339.106 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 339.57 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 342.274 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 343.977 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 343.258 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 342.018 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 345.382 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 342.545 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 341.585 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 342.542 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 346.085 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 349.022 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 350.936 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 350.767 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 353.343 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 349.903 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 351.198 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 349.771 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 353.746 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 348.604 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 350.972 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 392.306 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 346.507 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 352.294 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 353.738 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 352.038 ms
readonly done
