Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 525.832 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 423.033 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 429.505 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 462.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 438.438 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 436.106 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 494.524 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 437.188 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 447.331 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 486.261 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 442.671 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 440.698 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 437.145 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 478.848 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 431.62 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 422.373 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 468.251 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 430.309 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 426.104 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 482.119 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 425.19 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 434.548 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 469.592 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 429.907 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 445.83 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 470.979 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 451.357 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 441.242 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 476.625 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 449.964 ms
mixedload done
