Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 502.742 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 460.171 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 421.142 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 426.472 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 432.834 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 443.814 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 440.319 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 442.422 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 426.601 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 435.146 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 425.198 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 420.289 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 426.874 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 428.065 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 413.712 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 432.204 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 424.78 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 433.832 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 429.445 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 415.672 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 422.983 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 422.551 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 436.047 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 425.373 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 433.545 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 470.711 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 425.846 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 433.331 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 427.336 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 421.204 ms
readonly done
