Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 533.972 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 431.613 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 429.948 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 467.323 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 441.689 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 447.9 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 466.719 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 430.161 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 440.24 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 469.772 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 438.327 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 435.718 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 442.289 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 480.244 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 449.738 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 445.262 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 478.682 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 441.963 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 442.95 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 486.525 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 448.596 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 446.389 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 484.327 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 444.577 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 446.123 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 482.585 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 444.942 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 438.316 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 479.514 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 443.052 ms
mixedload done
