Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 531.75 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 418.171 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 419.8 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 453.937 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 433.086 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 431.617 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 480.433 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 423.894 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 444.262 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 474.284 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 429.735 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 437.627 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 432.038 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 473.646 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 430.496 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 419.412 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 471.116 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 425.702 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 427.281 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 471.413 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 426.048 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 426.56 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 463.018 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 439.448 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 436.558 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 454.185 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 459.171 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 433.783 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 463.557 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 431.281 ms
mixedload done
