Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 411.196 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 312.091 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 319.579 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 353.738 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 322.655 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 324.923 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 350.31 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 326.595 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 327.487 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 352.294 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 331.351 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 330.019 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 327.755 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 365.842 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 334.865 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 333.199 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 359.927 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 337.614 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 340.656 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 367.499 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 337.642 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 340.016 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 363.973 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 341.143 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 339.204 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 360.264 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 342.329 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 341.245 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 370.154 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 343.504 ms
mixedload done
