Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 549.029 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 439.123 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 439.172 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 481.77 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 439.861 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 453.716 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 484.348 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 456.535 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 457.413 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 499.224 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 455.352 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 463.039 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 450.771 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 506.206 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 459.288 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 458.544 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 516.988 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 461.471 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 463.377 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 504.385 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 463.479 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 460.591 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 501.525 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 470.815 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 460.768 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 513.193 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 470.235 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 463.38 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 509.382 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 468.857 ms
mixedload done
