Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 535.76 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 433.499 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 436.196 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 480.303 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 417.271 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 442.342 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 467.926 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 442.055 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 425.459 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 487.584 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 451.013 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 453.685 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 422.446 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 491.955 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 453.5 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 440.829 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 485.83 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 451.943 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 446.486 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 492.041 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 441.36 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 465.07 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 491.92 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 458.605 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 449.597 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 485.022 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 458.034 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 457.098 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 489.855 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 450.842 ms
mixedload done
