Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 467.4 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 383.711 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 361.299 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 375.725 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 374.096 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 384.889 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 373.992 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 382.155 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 384.863 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 374.891 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 377.104 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 372.676 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 382.986 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 380.092 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 379.523 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 387.197 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 382.195 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 375.496 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 374.268 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 375.733 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 390.87 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 386.22 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 384.046 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 370.319 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 382.342 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 432.52 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 378.575 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 371.765 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 396.585 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 372.331 ms
readonly done
