Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

ServerPid: <0.79.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 889.019 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 785.128 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 786.611 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 794.015 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 789.494 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 745.931 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 791.594 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 792.284 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 771.861 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 787.147 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 763.114 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 714.692 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 797.113 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 740.369 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 791.299 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 782.045 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 766.148 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 754.082 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 773.161 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 713.377 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 778.211 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 739.575 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 787.985 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 792.511 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 780.052 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 714.599 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 745.968 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 718.358 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 790.055 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 724.185 ms
readwrite done
