Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 526.232 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 414.515 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 426.702 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 474.748 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 434.036 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 440.123 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 466.516 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 437.993 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 433.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 480.908 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 447.727 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 451.14 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 435.52 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 466.634 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 435.17 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 431.721 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 460.017 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 428.872 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 439.137 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 493.311 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 443.307 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 456.246 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 474.119 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 447.583 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 453.823 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 475.304 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 443.545 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 460.458 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 494.99 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 442.065 ms
mixedload done
