Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

ServerPid: <0.79.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 1102.403 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 980.48 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 993.85 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 1057.352 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 1039.99 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 972.792 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 1025.734 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 1061.592 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 1001.64 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 1035.449 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 1057.964 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 966.122 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 1052.804 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 969.329 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 1086.726 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 1058.439 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 1030.957 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 996.906 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 1105.454 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 956.044 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 1046.265 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 946.575 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 1027.256 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 1058.414 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 1034.246 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 1054.116 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 961.522 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 1041.28 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 1055.057 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 959.174 ms
readwrite done
