Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 515.894 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 471.99 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 427.257 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 427.568 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 428.983 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 418.365 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 443.367 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 429.115 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 438.379 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 434.744 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 439.584 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 453.68 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 446.431 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 434.058 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 440.021 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 446.07 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 451.7 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 457.476 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 452.699 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 446.763 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 437.425 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 447.409 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 453.182 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 450.593 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 441.66 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 496.166 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 449.28 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 443.784 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 445.911 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 457.271 ms
readonly done
