Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

ServerPid: <0.79.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 1112.127 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 1002.219 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 1025.711 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 1061.905 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 1033.904 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 963.778 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 1057.466 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 1061.507 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 1062.317 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 999.944 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 1003.951 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 967.873 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 1043.336 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 969.687 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 1009.913 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 1034.64 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 1009.214 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 994.392 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 1096.241 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 957.601 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 1057.164 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 964.29 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 1024.658 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 1047.137 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 1046.707 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 1020.949 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 1029.842 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 951.728 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 1062.332 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 969.551 ms
readwrite done
