Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 532.005 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 426.913 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 434.472 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 472.671 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 437.059 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 430.463 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 478.449 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 432.802 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 428.203 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 461.103 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 445.023 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 444.045 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 439.838 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 482.381 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 441.26 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 453.793 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 484.808 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 446.098 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 449.784 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 490.141 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 442.1 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 432.912 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 458.104 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 445.372 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 424.804 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 445.118 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 431.626 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 417.836 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 474.325 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 427.951 ms
mixedload done
