Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 501.277 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 460.635 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 413.076 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 425.638 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 424.802 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 429.526 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 430.661 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 436.36 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 422.753 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 425.039 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 435.664 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 429.652 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 409.532 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 426.679 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 419.089 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 423.391 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 413.733 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 420.495 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 425.993 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 421.684 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 435.085 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 440.994 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 431.832 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 432.718 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 420.613 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 490.548 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 436.765 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 440.899 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 426.213 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 418.398 ms
readonly done
