Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 506.136 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 456.107 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 426.404 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 429.617 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 420.888 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 433.497 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 423.274 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 427.832 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 432.226 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 423.156 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 424.836 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 432.696 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 425.47 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 419.172 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 433.142 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 432.431 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 430.832 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 422.713 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 418.929 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 433.932 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 427.637 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 428.593 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 420.614 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 417.788 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 430.641 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 462.933 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 425.883 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 428.869 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 420.818 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 424.556 ms
readonly done
