Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 525.339 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 429.911 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 425.191 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 471.408 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 440.139 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 445.249 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 480.35 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 442.252 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 450.803 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 492.673 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 461.525 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 445.272 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 448.875 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 483.732 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 432.804 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 443.947 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 478.382 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 446.846 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 447.428 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 488.031 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 455.496 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 444.158 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 473.383 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 449.662 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 450.145 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 484.181 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 440.913 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 459.756 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 495.752 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 452.245 ms
mixedload done
