Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

ServerPid: <0.79.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 1133.943 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 999.162 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 1025.994 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 1076.531 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 1034.389 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 973.701 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 1054.465 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 1043.799 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 1041.954 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 994.247 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 986.161 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 962.536 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 1050.584 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 953.728 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 1064.671 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 1032.452 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 1027.525 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 982.071 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 1054.318 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 969.599 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 1050.956 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 969.822 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 1072.625 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 1083.581 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 1041.265 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 1033.452 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 1011.822 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 965.623 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 1074.14 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 979.258 ms
readwrite done
