Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 533.723 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 428.818 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 426.834 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 463.133 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 441.459 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 430.28 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 462.631 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 436.388 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 433.414 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 465.579 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 440.87 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 426.99 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 453.606 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 467.146 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 426.133 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 438.797 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 475.877 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 423.354 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 423.263 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 461.28 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 401.33 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 416.37 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 456.862 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 414.799 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 424.093 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 474.533 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 414.842 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 409.511 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 481.458 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 438.925 ms
mixedload done
