Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 409.822 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 353.653 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 342.368 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 344.175 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 344.681 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 345.513 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 342.356 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 345.677 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 346.377 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 344.952 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 342.831 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 341.126 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 339.25 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 345.698 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 345.748 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 342.548 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 348.835 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 347.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 345.764 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 342.538 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 345.141 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 341.234 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 340.109 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 341.796 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 340.508 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 351.546 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 343.275 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 343.257 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 346.38 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 343.533 ms
readonly done
