Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 498.195 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 448.669 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 418.929 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 420.968 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 432.699 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 422.343 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 437.745 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 433.36 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 441.402 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 424.406 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 424.052 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 432.366 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 427.178 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 436.04 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 424.958 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 423.71 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 416.285 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 421.429 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 414.476 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 427.36 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 409.258 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 405.429 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 417.675 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 428.323 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 428.432 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 475.029 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 427.509 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 427.058 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 403.943 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 408.276 ms
readonly done
