Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 500.755 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 442.698 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 401.3 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 421.763 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 417.897 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 418.711 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 409.873 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 413.566 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 420.228 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 423.265 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 424.817 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 421.34 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 424.413 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 420.775 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 422.59 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 425.228 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 419.783 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 420.563 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 416.065 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 423.747 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 417.732 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 432.148 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 418.132 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 426.435 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 427.062 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 466.977 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 419.756 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 419.154 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 422.742 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 425.044 ms
readonly done
