Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 545.499 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 438.127 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 431.249 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 485.748 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 444.188 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 450.577 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 496.718 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 435.717 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 453.196 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 501.053 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 465.982 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 453.269 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 467.31 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 501.344 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 457.314 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 465.016 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 489.39 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 452.28 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 437.328 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 494.617 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 452.442 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 462.177 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 498.816 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 469.141 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 473.631 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 506.65 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 462.719 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 481.126 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 506.938 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 468.401 ms
mixedload done
