Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 473.201 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 408.041 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 373.403 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 388.142 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 383.145 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 371.137 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 384.093 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 387.213 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 396.837 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 381.768 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 388.566 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 396.974 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 401.346 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 412.045 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 390.295 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 392.73 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 383.509 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 384.039 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 397.489 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 392.009 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 406.957 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 392.721 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 402.227 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 394.338 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 403.416 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 443.634 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 396.132 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 396.065 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 392.037 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 384.059 ms
readonly done
