Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

ServerPid: <0.79.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 1122.076 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 980.7 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 1028.566 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 1073.648 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 1048.595 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 985.648 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 1069.237 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 1045.412 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 1043.17 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 994.347 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 1013.634 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 958.996 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 1036.559 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 948.105 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 1040.659 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 1045.747 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 1037.063 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 973.369 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 1097.912 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 944.854 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 1066.633 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 949.788 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 1040.708 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 1038.648 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 1027.909 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 1041.222 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 1014.448 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 956.861 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 1076.383 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 968.868 ms
readwrite done
