Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

ServerPid: <0.79.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 1123.268 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 995.864 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 1024.736 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 1080.472 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 1044.166 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 975.417 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 1054.438 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 1042.375 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 1050.331 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 985.891 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 1028.425 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 981.706 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 1050.854 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 958.779 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 1059.803 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 1059.957 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 1033.786 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 1000.945 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 1099.823 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 938.693 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 1080.346 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 972.21 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 1036.619 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 1059.851 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 1061.28 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 1062.466 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 1026.459 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 939.56 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 1082.809 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 984.377 ms
readwrite done
