Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

ServerPid: <0.79.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 1129.656 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 1001.34 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 1032.514 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 1093.928 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 1056.518 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 972.016 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 1066.746 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 1056.048 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 1063.15 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 989.482 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 1049.692 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 916.485 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 1013.873 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 986.736 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 1083.426 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 1048.588 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 1019.635 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 1002.696 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 1128.684 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 959.012 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 1083.941 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 976.44 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 1100.269 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 1084.699 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 1060.116 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 1052.457 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 1055.798 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 987.486 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 1048.626 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 976.619 ms
readwrite done
