Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

ServerPid: <0.79.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 1152.536 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 1022.556 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 1052.644 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 1096.007 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 1076.416 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 1012.48 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 1088.026 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 1073.468 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 1116.321 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 1032.839 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 1102.953 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 992.879 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 1102.904 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 1003.851 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 1084.665 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 1089.503 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 1074.521 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 1031.478 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 1132.565 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 964.39 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 1080.411 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 984.234 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 1079.834 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 1060.548 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 1050.46 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 1061.816 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 1032.523 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 907.731 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 1066.317 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 994.451 ms
readwrite done
