Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 532.207 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 413.468 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 422.752 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 480.463 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 435.073 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 432.522 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 470.145 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 430.318 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 431.268 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 484.38 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 443.474 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 420.441 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 447.412 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 478.427 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 439.945 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 440.982 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 468.905 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 430.563 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 420.902 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 456.972 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 427.159 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 431.483 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 469.205 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 433.91 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 407.788 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 423.992 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 422.345 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 423.115 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 483.103 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 434.643 ms
mixedload done
