Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 540.513 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 432.456 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 422.705 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 475.76 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 432.033 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 448.56 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 488.243 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 432.471 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 446.955 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 478.468 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 440.683 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 440.232 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 440.962 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 478.114 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 434.126 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 444.967 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 486.318 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 439.161 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 437.395 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 489.036 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 447.051 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 454.47 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 489.57 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 455.144 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 452.754 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 480.823 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 455.505 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 451.291 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 489.126 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 440.901 ms
mixedload done
