Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 506.339 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 459.898 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 440.807 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 441.224 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 440.893 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 441.75 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 445.757 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 435.61 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 440.408 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 432.404 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 448.129 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 446.293 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 434.742 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 448.932 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 427.97 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 448.196 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 442.312 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 458.569 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 444.63 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 439.064 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 451.555 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 447.067 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 425.558 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 446.104 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 432.336 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 471.399 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 440.055 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 440.085 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 445.065 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 444.067 ms
readonly done
