Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 501.015 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 455.534 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 420.546 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 422.93 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 440.328 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 429.6 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 444.433 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 429.783 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 435.658 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 437.497 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 446.992 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 440.998 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 442.081 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 432.941 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 435.958 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 431.694 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 431.786 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 438.693 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 433.554 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 423.327 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 435.243 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 433.758 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 428.59 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 418.536 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 430.442 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 451.035 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 414.703 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 419.268 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 411.801 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 418.92 ms
readonly done
