Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

ServerPid: <0.79.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 971.267 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 814.822 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 843.061 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 876.725 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 838.836 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 800.085 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 870.11 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 863.172 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 839.103 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 847.823 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 719.153 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 884.915 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 855.141 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 796.065 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 854.943 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 878.312 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 834.026 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 811.814 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 842.532 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 782.658 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 867.445 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 795.19 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 853.627 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 890.25 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 842.85 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 799.847 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 769.684 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 862.997 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 860.626 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 797.381 ms
readwrite done
