Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

ServerPid: <0.79.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 1137.982 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 1012.379 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 1019.367 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 1032.56 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 990.034 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 986.065 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 992.562 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 990.571 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 1029.642 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 1019.095 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 1041.436 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 1009.708 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 1014.701 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 1009.052 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 997.093 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 1005.426 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 1019.906 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 1023.523 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 1068.195 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 1006.791 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 1018.992 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 1010.882 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 1021.66 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 1049.705 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 1020.912 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 1020.115 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 985.492 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 982.945 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 994.717 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 986.492 ms
readwrite done
