Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

ServerPid: <0.79.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 1141.134 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 1012.685 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 1037.616 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 1082.944 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 1060.996 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 973.374 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 1058.642 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 1076.602 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 1056.833 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 1004.446 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 1071.094 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 968.526 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 1045.826 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 963.43 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 1068.955 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 1048.486 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 1017.264 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 989.384 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 1082.643 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 971.355 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 1071.755 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 980.246 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 1060.646 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 1060.502 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 1038.812 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 1049.357 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 965.921 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 1049.577 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 1066.404 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 977.49 ms
readwrite done
