Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 524.845 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 421.266 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 422.968 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 457.412 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 430.459 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 429.456 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 482.846 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 436.73 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 422.52 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 464.313 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 421.021 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 406.811 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 418.943 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 459.045 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 435.151 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 427.564 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 457.481 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 423.357 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 428.214 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 461.616 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 436.103 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 446.302 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 471.634 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 419.173 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 437.371 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 478.917 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 449.477 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 449.191 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 486.563 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 451.303 ms
mixedload done
