Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 518.431 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 399.676 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 415.599 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 457.776 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 414.192 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 417.637 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 461.132 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 419.669 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 423.808 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 435.392 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 415.484 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 411.167 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 431.817 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 462.749 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 435.701 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 429.168 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 477.953 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 453.269 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 409.464 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 449.573 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 404.804 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 419.858 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 473.272 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 439.024 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 435.489 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 484.504 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 426.043 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 439.049 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 466.575 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 443.623 ms
mixedload done
