Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 505.326 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 460.317 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 423.449 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 427.479 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 448.549 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 439.445 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 420.247 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 439.612 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 422.674 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 439.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 434.534 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 437.705 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 451.072 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 419.207 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 443.52 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 429.505 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 450.27 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 446.984 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 443.654 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 436.07 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 447.721 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 433.16 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 445.806 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 435.523 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 448.94 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 494.048 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 436.903 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 444.866 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 428.787 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 439.963 ms
readonly done
