Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 502.594 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 469.495 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 436.193 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 445.711 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 428.461 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 447.698 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 443.215 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 430.736 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 441.184 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 444.452 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 439.985 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 438.358 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 431.069 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 441.077 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 427.604 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 446.348 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 433.496 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 451.47 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 436.622 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 424.909 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 429.026 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 428.251 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 435.825 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 447.415 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 453.948 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 478.706 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 440.379 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 440.362 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 447.529 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 442.533 ms
readonly done
