Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 512.388 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 402.71 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 401.538 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 456.019 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 404.506 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 408.431 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 459.787 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 413.204 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 411.887 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 465.137 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 430.36 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 430.389 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 424.704 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 468.226 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 427.19 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 426.529 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 454.768 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 423.953 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 426.548 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 458.678 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 394.498 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 399.413 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 462.176 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 421.097 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 402.562 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 452.686 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 415.362 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 433.376 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 464.512 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 439.478 ms
mixedload done
