Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 490.439 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 426.228 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 385.982 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 393.276 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 404.523 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 420.32 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 411.004 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 423.382 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 418.484 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 406.368 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 401.924 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 420.552 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 408.486 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 406.426 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 400.551 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 406.793 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 410.463 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 398.942 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 425.765 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 398.42 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 403.332 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 406.029 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 403.719 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 412.952 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 399.868 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 445.122 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 407.499 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 412.053 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 412.283 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 415.942 ms
readonly done
