Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 549.084 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 421.031 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 443.789 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 473.726 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 438.975 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 450.823 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 481.333 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 441.319 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 442.637 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 484.195 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 434.508 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 441.954 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 454.729 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 475.815 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 445.775 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 440.987 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 489.865 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 450.778 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 437.489 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 474.752 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 434.941 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 447.747 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 488.929 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 450.773 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 451.05 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 491.562 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 458.612 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 450.006 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 480.76 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 454.098 ms
mixedload done
