Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

ServerPid: <0.79.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 1165.472 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 1033.92 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 1065.564 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 1096.743 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 1072.077 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 990.738 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 1075.199 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 1096.08 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 1022.436 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 1070.711 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 1081.066 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 994.241 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 1065.014 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 1008.886 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 1094.995 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 1060.225 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 1065.96 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 988.843 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 1143.856 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 971.451 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 1056.713 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 995.131 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 1089.056 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 1087.209 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 1080.76 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 1048.074 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 946.926 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 1045.488 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 1084.134 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 989.81 ms
readwrite done
