Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

ServerPid: <0.79.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 1129.694 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 988.264 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 1031.697 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 1062.618 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 1040.358 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 970.487 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 1069.927 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 1065.693 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 1052.059 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 971.085 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 1052.015 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 965.989 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 1055.658 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 955.814 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 1056.325 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 1042.679 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 1031.844 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 999.147 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 1100.331 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 952.042 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 1058.489 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 956.685 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 1054.54 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 1052.207 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 1039.751 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 1017.025 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 1022.766 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 936.426 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 1040.643 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 947.282 ms
readwrite done
