Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

ServerPid: <0.79.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 1142.549 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 1022.134 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 1028.611 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 1108.019 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 1070.149 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 984.697 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 1079.804 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 1076.581 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 1082.85 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 1006.762 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 1085.709 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 987.134 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 1064.903 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 958.248 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 1039.693 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 1016.829 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 1030.891 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 997.865 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 1132.908 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 964.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 1058.548 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 931.675 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 1060.943 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 1056.112 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 1021.28 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 1016.064 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 1021.62 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 925.68 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 1017.788 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 952.35 ms
readwrite done
