Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 531.135 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 434.036 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 427.505 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 475.393 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 446.486 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 441.264 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 497.836 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 443.893 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 443.562 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 487.739 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 453.443 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 456.895 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 461.727 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 493.246 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 462.017 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 463.736 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 501.076 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 449.371 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 468.448 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 493.761 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 456.27 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 452.042 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 482.435 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 454.437 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 454.746 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 489.461 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 451.524 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 460.09 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 502.114 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 454.471 ms
mixedload done
