Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 420.035 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 345.745 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 349.304 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 353.576 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 352.5 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 351.378 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 359.658 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 352.327 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 350.952 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 356.925 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 352.061 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 356.154 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 357.535 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 362.782 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 359.529 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 355.659 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 369.571 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 361.891 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 359.332 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 368.244 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 359.02 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 362.288 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 369.983 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 363.19 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 365.865 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 368.522 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 361.588 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 364.927 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 369.682 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 361.693 ms
mixedload done
