Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 543.215 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 433.137 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 440.984 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 477.335 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 441.494 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 441.306 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 484.201 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 446.331 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 451.582 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 493.228 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 450.825 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 437.36 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 456.904 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 486.311 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 454.608 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 458.229 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 491.028 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 460.218 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 458.472 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 498.671 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 456.079 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 472.769 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 491.73 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 464.256 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 463.283 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 496.384 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 462.877 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 458.53 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 498.353 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 459.569 ms
mixedload done
