Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 502.61 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 468.125 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 431.624 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 437.02 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 454.214 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 445.068 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 439.177 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 423.27 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 447.793 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 450.549 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 455.059 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 455.206 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 440.257 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 458.299 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 449.112 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 446.104 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 445.333 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 455.344 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 453.263 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 446.959 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 432.855 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 441.683 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 436.965 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 437.221 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 454.819 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 479.68 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 438.571 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 423.984 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 447.073 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 431.4 ms
readonly done
