Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 505.27 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 408.518 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 407.528 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 466.503 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 418.148 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 422.062 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 468.53 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 416.187 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 409.684 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 447.827 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 421.127 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 421.232 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 413.445 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 448.64 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 423.692 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 420.003 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 483.996 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 430.525 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 422.774 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 464.836 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 419.298 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 415.268 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 458.283 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 425.414 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 421.995 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 456.505 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 433.861 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 436.477 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 457.759 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 442.285 ms
mixedload done
