Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 539.583 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 428.801 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 442.052 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 473.104 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 418.937 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 441.936 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 478.518 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 444.793 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 425.787 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 483.109 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 440.496 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 442.8 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 441.006 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 486.566 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 451.817 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 433.376 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 487.476 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 449.507 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 433.019 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 488.801 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 446.82 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 447.363 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 481.373 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 454.485 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 445.091 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 475.734 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 439.188 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 449.012 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 488.132 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 440.359 ms
mixedload done
