Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 521.321 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 409.203 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 411.857 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 453.743 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 417.852 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 415.168 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 466.181 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 414.326 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 416.83 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 468.41 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 430.618 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 448.613 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 447.362 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 493.579 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 445.727 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 445.455 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 494.435 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 444.937 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 450.56 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 480.741 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 441.445 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 446.568 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 496.738 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 449.416 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 434.758 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 487.301 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 453.437 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 441.912 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 494.178 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 444.991 ms
mixedload done
