Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 530.622 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 440.545 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 435.814 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 479.832 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 441.296 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 449.89 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 493.047 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 443.517 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 449.564 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 488.21 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 456.244 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 450.717 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 451.383 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 497.53 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 464.2 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 446.882 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 498.9 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 461.51 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 449.744 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 498.319 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 463.52 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 463.441 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 488.414 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 463.734 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 454.306 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 509.155 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 461.217 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 466.798 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 502.571 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 464.172 ms
mixedload done
