Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

ServerPid: <0.79.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 1064.057 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 921.584 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 963.062 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 1014.848 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 975.565 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 901.212 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 1003.473 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 1004.636 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 945.493 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 983.143 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 986.155 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 901.37 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 977.507 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 937.572 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 981.465 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 1001.413 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 968.174 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 951.288 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 1036.4 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 908.525 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 1006.093 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 900.994 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 975.744 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 1002.754 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 964.591 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 948.103 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 980.022 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 906.596 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 1006.582 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 909.584 ms
readwrite done
