Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 395.658 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 311.576 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 318.738 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 335.671 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 326.732 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 333.896 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 348.946 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 332.331 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 332.447 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 362.626 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 337.618 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 339.366 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 342.285 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 370.253 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 346.715 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 343.634 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 370.125 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 344.852 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 343.265 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 371.771 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 346.62 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 345.406 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 374.212 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 348.958 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 348.831 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 369.192 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 350.667 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 347.851 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 373.525 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 351.405 ms
mixedload done
