Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 531.886 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 412.355 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 432.543 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 470.364 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 430.609 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 425.74 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 445.224 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 430.671 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 437.866 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 471.72 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 416.859 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 426.08 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 434.391 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 482.835 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 427.498 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 429.5 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 473.062 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 419.73 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 423.359 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 454.686 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 425.104 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 439.576 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 480.332 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 432.316 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 413.167 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 439.15 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 410.246 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 421.85 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 453.402 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 407.884 ms
mixedload done
