Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 515.455 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 406.412 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 400.428 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 452.189 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 400.789 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 430.441 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 457.019 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 411.124 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 417.467 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 444.229 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 415.82 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 401.201 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 412.263 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 459.154 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 419.078 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 419.019 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 468.772 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 427.949 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 434.039 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 463.967 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 428.295 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 417.771 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 460.847 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 428.544 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 431.448 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 469.475 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 439.897 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 449.569 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 479.695 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 439.462 ms
mixedload done
