Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

ServerPid: <0.79.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 1048.146 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 893.954 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 949.443 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 1005.57 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 971.313 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 896.363 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 977.158 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 999.167 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 954.417 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 923.622 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 969.616 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 898.32 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 983.238 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 880.056 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 993.872 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 972.621 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 949.997 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 911.617 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 1028.809 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 900.768 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 981.893 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 881.434 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 959.039 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 980.838 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 969.106 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 925.741 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 949.425 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 913.97 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 981.286 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 867.982 ms
readwrite done
