Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

ServerPid: <0.79.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 1125.627 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 1006.976 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 1001.2 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 1068.898 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 1034.886 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 951.225 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 1044.506 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 1051.014 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 1028.644 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 977.937 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 983.415 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 961.082 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 1058.403 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 959.643 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 1065.63 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 1028.144 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 1006.355 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 982.451 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 1090.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 947.333 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 1050.958 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 970.136 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 1057.247 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 1052.182 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 1038.023 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 1045.069 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 1020.623 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 956.871 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 1049.327 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 955.675 ms
readwrite done
