Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 502.887 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 380.947 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 404.148 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 431.467 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 384.941 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 402.283 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 431.813 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 395.594 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 400.465 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 449.914 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 407.405 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 406.109 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 406.923 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 447.013 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 409.478 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 403.93 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 456.169 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 400.762 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 413.499 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 446.207 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 413.19 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 422.769 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 456.136 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 422.304 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 414.493 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 453.392 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 413.026 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 422.616 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 449.398 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 423.736 ms
mixedload done
