Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 503.758 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 406.858 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 413.556 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 429.853 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 410.683 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 420.023 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 460.636 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 419.949 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 409.492 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 455.333 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 408.438 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 423.547 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 426.778 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 464.643 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 428.942 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 418.319 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 460.18 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 424.449 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 427.547 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 461.051 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 428.734 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 436.496 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 463.818 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 426.727 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 430.821 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 475.595 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 428.708 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 426.853 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 463.043 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 437.432 ms
mixedload done
