Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

ServerPid: <0.79.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 975.384 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 828.378 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 845.151 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 886.966 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 847.376 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 809.78 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 863.296 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 886.005 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 888.261 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 818.931 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 835.849 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 791.883 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 882.154 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 803.117 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 876.132 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 875.515 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 853.997 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 824.674 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 877.349 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 805.943 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 880.064 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 810.485 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 867.973 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 904.381 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 884.192 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 815.665 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 853.911 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 803.663 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 882.468 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 813.62 ms
readwrite done
