Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

ServerPid: <0.79.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 1126.601 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 998.888 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 1009.157 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 1077.571 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 1046.228 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 983.614 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 1065.326 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 1079.864 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 1091.715 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 1009.191 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 1058.07 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 994.718 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 1066.383 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 959.089 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 1068.574 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 1066.687 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 1041.627 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 1006.612 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 1125.042 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 958.491 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 1066.906 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 975.07 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 1095.867 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 1081.975 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 1065.348 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 1061.29 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 1043.949 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 994.222 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 1058.849 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 984.967 ms
readwrite done
