Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 493.94 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 431.506 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 401.698 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 399.456 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 415.357 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 421.949 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 408.777 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 411.23 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 419.044 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 415.93 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 419.616 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 416.559 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 416.307 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 422.885 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 408.107 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 402.952 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 416.365 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 406.229 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 415.509 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 406.88 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 417.521 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 427.185 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 418.875 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 418.205 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 402.486 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 446.435 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 421.205 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 403.672 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 422.647 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 413.278 ms
readonly done
