Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 527.566 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 419.461 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 418.604 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 441.362 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 419.638 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 417.843 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 453.748 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 422.466 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 428.839 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 452.686 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 430.445 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 425.907 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 443.722 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 479.784 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 444.771 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 430.554 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 486.436 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 437.689 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 438.366 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 482.877 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 447.077 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 446.503 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 488.472 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 446.775 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 432.24 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 480.622 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 447.961 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 436.583 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 481.407 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 444.498 ms
mixedload done
