Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

ServerPid: <0.79.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 1136.421 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 1025.168 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 1044.434 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 1102.211 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 1045.668 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 992.366 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 1059.173 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 1076.034 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 1065.655 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 990.754 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 1060.296 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 972.704 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 1080.019 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 971.841 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 1057.875 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 1063.547 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 1043.605 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 999.493 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 1106.366 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 968.043 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 1077.716 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 969.241 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 1067.16 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 1070.329 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 1055.524 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 1033.223 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 944.257 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 1053.664 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 1074.668 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 959.056 ms
readwrite done
