Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 498.277 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 455.737 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 422.25 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 424.985 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 423.739 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 417.486 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 417.719 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 416.292 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 415.269 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 412.157 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 428.301 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 415.333 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 405.569 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 406.541 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 416.52 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 413.812 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 427.134 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 416.321 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 422.51 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 415.947 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 427.363 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 415.181 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 404.615 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 422.312 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 414.251 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 446.683 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 409.404 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 408.737 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 421.494 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 421.905 ms
readonly done
