Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

ServerPid: <0.79.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 1129.22 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 1017.469 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 1023.885 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 1083.29 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 1044.438 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 980.499 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 1067.943 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 1070.721 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 1064.311 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 985.196 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 1060.495 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 924.069 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 1059.143 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 976.551 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 1069.483 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 1089.142 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 1023.289 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 998.73 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 1108.444 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 950.357 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 1069.266 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 971.184 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 1042.025 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 1041.79 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 1018.612 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 999.426 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 922.266 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 993.681 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 1017.021 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 947.893 ms
readwrite done
