Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 500.654 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 461.815 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 424.999 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 440.695 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 436.711 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 432.97 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 444.923 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 443.88 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 444.416 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 456.08 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 443.174 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 440.32 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 435.15 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 436.004 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 436.16 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 445.013 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 443.782 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 440.201 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 422.384 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 426.043 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 438.564 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 448.595 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 444.693 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 435.598 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 446.923 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 471.439 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 405.793 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 431.096 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 434.858 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 432.475 ms
readonly done
