Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 500.406 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 429.538 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 428.142 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 430.891 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 430.248 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 434.208 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 432.71 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 432.891 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 433.256 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 435.946 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 436.824 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 436.351 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 437.092 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 437.749 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 438.824 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 439.767 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 440.299 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 443.227 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 443.279 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 444.223 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 442.199 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 442.54 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 450.223 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 443.628 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 447.624 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 449.414 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 457.717 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 461.688 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 461.059 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 465.394 ms
mixedload done
