Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 526.906 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 415.849 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 422.919 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 436.281 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 422.883 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 416.707 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 456.113 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 432.889 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 452.656 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 476.785 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 441.148 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 441.759 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 438.468 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 475.052 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 442.573 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 434.158 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 480.377 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 448.925 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 447.383 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 493.016 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 440.975 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 435.806 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 474.797 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 434.739 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 436.143 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 471.484 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 442.621 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 437.064 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 485.345 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 441.99 ms
mixedload done
