Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

ServerPid: <0.79.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 1113.57 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 1001.01 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 1001.927 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 1073.173 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 1041.138 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 982.207 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 1052.58 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 1069.409 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 1049.564 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 989.533 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 1048.156 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 965.29 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 1043.107 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 952.553 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 1043.436 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 1033.514 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 979.061 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 979.189 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 1107.08 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 932.509 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 1061.03 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 969.099 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 1062.681 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 1064.484 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 1038.006 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 1042.176 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 1037.629 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 966.498 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 1060.713 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 957.579 ms
readwrite done
