Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 532.97 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 434.265 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 438.638 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 469.265 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 411.342 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 429.033 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 462.074 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 422.733 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 442.178 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 476.206 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 417.591 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 422.519 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 438.705 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 473.043 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 423.623 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 439.584 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 471.126 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 415.026 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 422.407 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 459.133 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 432.783 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 427.049 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 472.575 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 444.093 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 428.454 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 477.337 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 437.358 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 450.485 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 478.671 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 427.175 ms
mixedload done
