Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 425.189 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 317.143 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 319.497 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 359.733 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 334.668 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 332.361 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 364.148 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 335.878 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 336.735 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 366.93 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 346.469 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 341.799 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 347.148 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 385.655 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 346.392 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 344.19 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 372.413 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 345.793 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 343.158 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 387.301 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 349.029 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 353.696 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 376.932 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 351.611 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 350.149 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 383.73 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 349.71 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 353.866 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 385.483 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 354.67 ms
mixedload done
