Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 497.656 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 449.278 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 425.601 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 426.765 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 431.399 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 428.227 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 425.927 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 426.48 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 435.562 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 427.929 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 420.394 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 429.007 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 433.892 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 437.053 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 431.988 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 441.806 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 433.472 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 431.156 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 444.017 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 423.046 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 439.386 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 439.194 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 432.714 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 430.927 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 435.074 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 460.426 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 430.56 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 419.684 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 424.138 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 437.015 ms
readonly done
