Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

ServerPid: <0.79.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 1126.415 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 986.447 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 985.283 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 1080.305 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 1064.937 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 995.194 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 1090.342 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 1087.584 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 1075.947 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 1018.481 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 1081.642 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 999.044 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 1065.559 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 983.639 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 1070.89 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 1015.048 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 1033.027 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 1022.924 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 1135.236 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 979.687 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 1064.018 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 975.67 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 1071.088 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 1071.923 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 1063.539 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 1059.378 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 1052.4 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 968.102 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 1085.288 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 985.405 ms
readwrite done
