Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

ServerPid: <0.79.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 1144.794 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 1031.617 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 1034.228 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 1094.063 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 1058.988 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 993.617 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 1066.924 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 1077.278 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 1052.799 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 1000.761 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 1072.672 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 978.968 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 1082.394 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 962.695 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 1035.59 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 1052.578 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 1027.53 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 990.591 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 1127.751 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 963.362 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 1067.836 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 973.038 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 1059.298 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 1066.307 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 1056.401 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 1033.38 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 1023.093 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 950.989 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 1034.759 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 952.659 ms
readwrite done
