Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 513.867 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 468.893 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 435.348 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 440.273 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 439.772 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 445.266 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 447.169 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 443.458 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 442.218 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 443.482 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 442.782 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 447.421 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 451.044 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 452.561 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 439.446 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 441.974 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 445.143 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 463.482 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 450.249 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 444.34 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 438.903 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 429.403 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 443.301 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 449.683 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 449.403 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 480.341 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 444.839 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 440.848 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 451.68 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 448.052 ms
readonly done
