Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 471.484 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 428.484 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 393.906 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 407.75 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 414.64 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 416.941 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 411.241 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 410.298 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 399.092 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 389.679 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 406.863 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 416.779 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 425.8 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 413.916 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 428.159 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 422.359 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 415.758 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 411.371 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 415.184 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 413.895 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 415.156 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 414.644 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 415.33 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 418.946 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 427.324 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 450.461 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 431.85 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 426.53 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 434.86 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 440.002 ms
readonly done
