Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 533.124 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 425.308 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 430.046 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 467.522 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 433.432 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 439.982 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 467.534 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 427.984 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 439.44 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 470.015 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 436.614 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 432.868 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 434.359 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 479.523 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 449.531 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 432.56 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 479.893 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 448.683 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 442.783 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 482.91 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 440.885 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 441.324 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 475.617 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 441.793 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 430.759 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 471.718 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 433.267 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 412.098 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 474.484 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 432.274 ms
mixedload done
