Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 511.152 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 468.109 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 424.346 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 436.261 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 439.515 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 449.538 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 453.233 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 446.395 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 448.996 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 431.612 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 443.515 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 458.059 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 424.885 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 455.118 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 439.258 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 449.105 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 441.92 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 439.33 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 447.818 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 453.675 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 451.777 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 446.203 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 446.859 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 455.165 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 451.065 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 488.306 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 465.609 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 444.496 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 448.551 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 426.622 ms
readonly done
