Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 502.679 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 391.419 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 390.424 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 424.515 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 401.65 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 402.165 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 457.783 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 416.955 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 401.602 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 452.446 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 399.995 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 399.097 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 403.032 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 441.973 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 405.309 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 419.178 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 446.706 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 398.182 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 413.006 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 450.351 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 388.58 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 427.323 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 474.473 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 441.477 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 434.702 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 486.823 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 443.384 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 448.781 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 473.654 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 438.714 ms
mixedload done
