Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 458.291 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 349.939 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 346.459 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 376.474 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 348.811 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 356.518 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 388.171 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 355.999 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 358.86 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 404.196 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 362.897 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 356.447 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 363.914 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 387.105 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 353.441 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 365.886 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 411.559 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 365.696 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 362.539 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 410.239 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 370.168 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 361.674 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 410.969 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 380.546 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 380.331 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 403.091 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 380.045 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 366.849 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 400.123 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 362.741 ms
mixedload done
