Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

ServerPid: <0.79.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 1108.033 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 1031.89 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 1033.295 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 1110.497 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 1068.025 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 989.706 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 1086.849 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 1067.54 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 1068.48 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 1000.966 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 1093.177 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 979.548 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 1042.322 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 956.329 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 1059.774 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 1043.451 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 1022.733 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 1001.643 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 1123.898 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 962.064 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 1066.416 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 977.433 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 1029.757 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 1067.86 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 1057.236 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 1043.261 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 1027.194 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 944.65 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 1059.114 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 967.977 ms
readwrite done
