Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 499.8 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 472.876 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 443.625 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 439.385 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 439.999 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 435.057 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 432.423 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 431.66 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 436.622 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 432.192 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 429.688 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 422.739 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 402.979 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 415.05 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 414.43 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 424.262 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 427.854 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 431.05 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 427.776 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 425.647 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 418.623 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 422.802 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 429.142 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 427.549 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 431.462 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 472.785 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 429.541 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 435.311 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 432.502 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 412.725 ms
readonly done
