Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

ServerPid: <0.79.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 1149.042 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 989.433 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 1059.961 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 1130.908 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 1091.181 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 992.223 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 1085.094 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 1087.703 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 1105.117 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 1020.431 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 1104.376 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 998.07 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 1083.61 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 981.202 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 1080.661 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 1066.826 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 1066.855 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 1020.457 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 1117.801 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 983.974 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 1080.739 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 979.3 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 1081.69 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 1069.361 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 1064.039 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 1039.301 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 1038.265 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 989.956 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 1079.954 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 977.053 ms
readwrite done
