Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 521.09 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 413.985 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 405.74 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 451.331 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 415.692 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 392.115 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 450.018 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 419.956 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 425.831 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 462.784 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 420.959 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 405.331 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 400.976 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 440.207 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 387.871 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 389.54 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 436.742 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 406.244 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 410.359 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 449.173 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 398.788 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 396.213 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 423.062 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 404.895 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 406.432 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 443.929 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 401.704 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 412.384 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 462.797 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 408.039 ms
mixedload done
