Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

ServerPid: <0.79.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 1145.889 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 1007.786 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 1040.7 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 1112.048 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 1086.083 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 994.517 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 1083.71 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 1088.235 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 1083.894 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 1009.486 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 1079.142 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 969.287 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 1078.934 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 940.741 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 1070.249 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 1056.557 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 1037.286 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 1005.804 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 1132.344 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 974.658 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 1078.219 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 969.559 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 1063.826 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 1072.759 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 1067.268 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 1063.945 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 1066.708 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 991.67 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 1079.629 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 978.758 ms
readwrite done
