Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

ServerPid: <0.79.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 1115.498 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 1008.002 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 1010.236 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 1097.861 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 1044.958 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 980.299 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 1067.699 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 1042.404 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 1003.695 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 1013.764 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 1005.82 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 977.234 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 1065.819 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 979.282 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 1051.819 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 1041.735 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 1012.124 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 983.61 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 1108.488 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 946.104 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 1051.804 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 957.612 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 1056.02 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 1056.875 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 1035.618 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 1039.907 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 938.908 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 1057.876 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 1050.993 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 979.89 ms
readwrite done
