Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 534.961 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 430.336 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 436.154 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 476.294 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 441.786 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 453.559 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 486.131 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 428.312 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 454.333 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 485.016 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 456.874 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 447.746 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 444.418 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 476.899 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 441.096 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 450.645 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 483.64 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 441.224 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 455.761 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 478.621 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 445.784 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 482.458 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 497.457 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 459.462 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 453.921 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 505.335 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 453.754 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 454.065 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 490.337 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 461.777 ms
mixedload done
