Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 428.861 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 363.187 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 340.771 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 348.187 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 353.392 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 363.005 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 354.305 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 356.021 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 355.424 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 359.791 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 355.485 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 360.769 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 357.086 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 360.997 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 365.551 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 362.558 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 365.988 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 361.161 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 356.277 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 352.498 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 374.415 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 357.353 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 363.58 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 366.785 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 368.394 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 405.848 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 358.262 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 362.241 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 366.899 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 353.62 ms
readonly done
