Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

ServerPid: <0.79.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 1120.186 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 1011.862 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 1031.07 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 1072.795 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 1043.029 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 970.357 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 1058.805 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 1058.292 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 1041.694 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 978.848 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 973.25 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 955.007 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 1031.025 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 923.426 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 1036.207 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 1031.438 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 1015.33 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 998.433 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 1080.277 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 917.432 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 1041.597 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 949.302 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 1042.153 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 1054.511 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 1042.073 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 986.971 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 943.041 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 1025.18 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 1060.205 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 947.25 ms
readwrite done
