Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

ServerPid: <0.79.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 1153.156 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 1017.131 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 1040.699 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 1100.394 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 1065.322 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 1000.41 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 1073.757 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 1074.312 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 1038.559 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 1086.987 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 1067.974 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 985.764 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 1072.957 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 987.389 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 1051.466 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 1059.008 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 1044.994 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 1014.175 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 1103.724 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 967.778 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 1069.885 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 988.85 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 1075.662 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 1088.248 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 1062.76 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 1057.299 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 979.989 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 1069.776 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 1070.755 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 971.202 ms
readwrite done
