Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

ServerPid: <0.79.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 1096.422 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 975.482 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 994.815 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 1067.798 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 1006.774 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 931.941 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 1036.304 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 1049.599 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 972.824 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 1022.547 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 1030.562 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 959.246 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 1041.786 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 952.777 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 1038.358 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 1034.622 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 1012.895 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 978.349 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 1113.163 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 926.219 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 1045.828 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 944.685 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 1053.383 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 1030.566 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 1016.484 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 961.526 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 1029.659 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 939.131 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 1051.982 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 962.491 ms
readwrite done
