Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 133.552 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 108.108 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 107.284 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 107.446 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 108.935 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 108.564 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 108.662 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 105.981 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 106.768 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 108.73 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 107.342 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 108.671 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 110.943 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 107.416 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 107.529 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 107.285 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 105.825 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 106.456 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 107.986 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 106.41 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 108.518 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 107.244 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 106.952 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 105.838 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 107.03 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 106.692 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 107.676 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 105.279 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 108.982 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 109.26 ms
readonly done
