Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 417.938 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 413.228 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 416.96 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 414.755 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 415.134 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 414.366 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 412.264 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 421.061 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 419.145 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 419.867 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 430.363 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 439.12 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 434.142 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 437.223 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 433.331 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 431.125 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 428.262 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 433.591 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 438.485 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 428.489 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 429.962 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 434.522 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 435.47 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 434.004 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 434.75 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 440.846 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 431.905 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 431.735 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 434.339 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 436.52 ms
readonly done
