Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsServerPid: <0.1079.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 290.009 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 255.833 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 257.526 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 256.115 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 254.944 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 256.205 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 258.831 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 255.77 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 256.889 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 257.54 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 256.906 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 256.431 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 252.819 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 256.375 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 256.565 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 256.682 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 257.03 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 258.804 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 259.6 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 259.461 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 257.624 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 255.331 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 257.502 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 255.957 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 258.443 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 259.631 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 255.274 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 260.027 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 252.9 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 254.65 ms
readwrite done
