Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsServerPid: <0.1079.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 127.644 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 99.613 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 96.73 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 109.112 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 110.557 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 104.203 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 110.941 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 110.4 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 110.995 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 105.518 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 104.187 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 98.696 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 97.403 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 103.633 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 98.723 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 103.947 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 113.037 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 111.186 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 98.82 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 100.46 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 98.457 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 113.453 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 100.397 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 98.199 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 99.242 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 111.795 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 105.038 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 112.896 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 113.083 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 112.795 ms
readwrite done
