Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 68.945 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 64.644 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 55.758 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 57.212 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 57.951 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 56.106 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 55.914 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 57.033 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 58.073 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 57.139 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 55.724 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 57.708 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 59.54 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 57.394 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 58.582 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 57.978 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 58.378 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 58.297 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 58.333 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 57.933 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 58.12 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 58.194 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 58.723 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 57.876 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 58.623 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 57.772 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 53.012 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 46.275 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 46.225 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 48.184 ms
readonly done
