Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsServerPid: <0.1079.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 1065.244 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 1001.362 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 1002.152 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 991.169 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 987.206 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 994.976 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 1000.167 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 989.813 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 988.899 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 990.654 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 1013.011 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 1002.699 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 999.858 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 998.63 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 994.274 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 996.884 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 1003.968 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 1001.216 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 999.218 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 995.063 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 997.086 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 998.54 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 1001.773 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 999.36 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 997.687 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 996.469 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 996.429 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 999.973 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 998.668 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 998.344 ms
readwrite done
