Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsServerPid: <0.1079.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 127.627 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 102.042 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 99.447 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 100.181 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 99.08 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 100.87 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 100.975 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 100.588 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 100.718 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 98.987 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 101.207 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 101.379 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 106.455 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 99.702 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 100.148 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 99.57 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 103.429 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 99.183 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 101.32 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 100.848 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 100.96 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 101.74 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 101.389 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 101.206 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 100.693 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 100.531 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 103.823 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 101.438 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 100.558 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 100.188 ms
readwrite done
