Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 106.808 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 82.154 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 81.897 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 83.091 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 83.324 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 82.16 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 81.146 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 81.516 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 83.394 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 82.196 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 81.609 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 82.721 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 81.24 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 83.737 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 82.298 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 83.084 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 81.076 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 82.706 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 82.798 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 82.977 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 83.49 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 81.819 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 81.489 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 81.974 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 81.675 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 83.575 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 82.001 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 82.585 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 82.287 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 82.742 ms
mixedload done
