Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 66.818 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 55.46 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 48.694 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 51.563 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 49.421 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 48.06 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 51.2 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 54.407 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 52.314 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 52.261 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 49.126 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 50.135 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 50.88 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 53.753 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 52.31 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 50.589 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 51.799 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 50.631 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 50.16 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 51.54 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 50.513 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 53.772 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 53.074 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 55.015 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 53.829 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 48.692 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 49.27 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 48.908 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 56.729 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 56.775 ms
mixedload done
