Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsServerPid: <0.1079.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 120.199 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 97.525 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 95.501 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 95.997 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 96.316 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 94.788 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 96.05 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 96.127 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 96.115 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 96.961 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 96.476 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 95.663 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 95.521 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 95.502 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 95.305 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 95.043 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 95.931 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 98.206 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 94.816 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 95.578 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 95.123 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 95.552 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 95.48 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 95.504 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 95.556 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 96.901 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 96.083 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 101.921 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 96.045 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 95.613 ms
readwrite done
