Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 67.402 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 53.116 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 49.463 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 51.258 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 53.484 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 53.198 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 55.059 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 55.063 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 57.338 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 57.589 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 56.91 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 58.352 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 50.314 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 47.65 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 46.934 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 49.888 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 49.324 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 51.451 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 48.14 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 47.326 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 48.122 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 53.339 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 52.417 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 49.996 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 48.042 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 47.616 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 48.663 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 48.411 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 48.511 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 48.933 ms
mixedload done
