Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 74.541 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 56.698 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 53.92 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 54.93 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 53.846 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 53.909 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 54.815 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 57.693 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 56.67 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 54.619 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 55.22 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 54.581 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 54.464 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 54.57 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 55.584 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 53.665 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 55.344 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 54.255 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 54.842 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 53.7 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 55.055 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 56.933 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 55.587 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 57.032 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 54.403 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 54.547 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 55.504 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 58.864 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 57.177 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 54.878 ms
mixedload done
