Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 68.046 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 52.614 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 47.139 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 47.161 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 46.705 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 47.225 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 47.065 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 46.88 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 47.267 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 45.843 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 45.813 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 45.912 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 46.415 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 47.704 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 47.632 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 46.934 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 46.3 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 46.409 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 47.153 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 47.908 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 47.157 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 47.884 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 46.714 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 46.286 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 47.089 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 47.454 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 47.133 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 46.642 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 47.76 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 47.201 ms
mixedload done
