Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 150.632 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 128.049 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 128.808 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 129.36 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 130.324 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 128.061 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 133.342 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 126.856 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 128.53 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 126.772 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 129.277 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 126.949 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 130.914 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 132.34 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 127.811 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 126.878 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 126.632 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 128.075 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 127.882 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 124.385 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 128.868 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 130.197 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 127.771 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 127.709 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 129.987 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 128.179 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 128.832 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 129.257 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 125.163 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 125.368 ms
readonly done
