Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 156.836 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 139.932 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 140.833 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 139.022 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 139.337 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 140.019 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 141.684 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 140.831 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 140.196 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 139.478 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 138.782 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 139.513 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 139.587 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 140.48 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 136.765 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 139.419 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 139.858 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 139.353 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 138.378 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 138.829 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 140.368 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 144.324 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 143.828 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 139.096 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 138.471 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 140.107 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 137.987 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 140.238 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 139.662 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 139.08 ms
mixedload done
