Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsServerPid: <0.1079.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 267.885 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 235.361 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 236.944 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 236.559 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 235.799 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 236.019 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 236.544 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 234.147 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 235.934 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 235.864 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 230.02 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 235.349 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 233.941 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 234.154 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 230.852 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 235.109 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 235.167 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 232.864 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 232.45 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 236.344 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 234.583 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 234.075 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 234.595 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 234.47 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 235.725 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 233.367 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 234.143 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 236.239 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 236.861 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 234.146 ms
readwrite done
