Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 335.546 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 308.488 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 309.852 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 322.072 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 319.127 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 311.935 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 315.496 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 323.391 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 324.57 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 311.275 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 320.85 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 320.921 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 322.91 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 323.272 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 330.94 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 313.338 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 310.27 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 313.681 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 319.87 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 314.43 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 316.159 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 320.67 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 312.852 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 320.018 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 323.392 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 314.765 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 315.727 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 316.419 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 318.97 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 316.273 ms
mixedload done
