Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 68.727 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 55.078 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 49.562 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 54.907 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 53.101 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 50.4 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 51.477 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 54.621 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 58.201 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 52.998 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 50.96 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 53.453 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 53.026 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 55.892 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 53.801 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 55.623 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 52.601 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 54.423 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 50.729 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 49.794 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 50.86 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 50.553 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 50.534 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 52.091 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 53.932 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 50.682 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 51.231 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 51.204 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 50.229 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 50.108 ms
readonly done
