Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsServerPid: <0.1079.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 700.899 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 677.063 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 659.883 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 672.852 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 662.686 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 647.079 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 664.332 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 665.42 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 663.867 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 648.843 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 672.276 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 664.699 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 652.788 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 667.215 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 653.163 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 661.84 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 654.725 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 651.645 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 659.044 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 670.577 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 670.31 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 664.026 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 658.067 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 662.98 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 664.16 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 646.97 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 669.302 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 649.576 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 662.277 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 659.448 ms
readwrite done
