Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 67.268 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 52.32 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 47.076 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 48.574 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 47.529 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 46.794 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 46.423 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 48.063 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 48.581 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 46.94 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 47.033 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 47.824 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 48.231 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 47.855 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 48.281 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 48.236 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 47.877 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 47.306 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 48.328 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 47.263 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 47.908 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 48.614 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 47.679 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 47.19 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 47.674 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 48.862 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 47.638 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 48.071 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 47.864 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 47.434 ms
mixedload done
