Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 67.204 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 54.245 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 49.42 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 48.195 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 54.347 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 49.336 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 47.913 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 48.39 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 48.125 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 47.552 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 48.343 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 48.338 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 48.558 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 51.726 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 48.594 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 47.813 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 49.162 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 48.199 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 48.841 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 48.401 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 47.538 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 48.563 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 48.195 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 51.498 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 49.035 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 48.398 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 49.763 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 48.838 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 48.9 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 48.361 ms
readonly done
