Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 73.421 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 56.607 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 52.889 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 53.506 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 58.141 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 53.998 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 52.019 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 51.718 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 52.734 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 52.862 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 52.751 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 51.695 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 51.297 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 53.078 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 53.921 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 53.14 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 53.176 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 53.66 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 52.889 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 53.365 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 52.565 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 51.883 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 52.975 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 52.29 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 52.385 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 53.131 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 54.013 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 53.196 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 53.451 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 52.64 ms
readonly done
