Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsServerPid: <0.1079.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 160.139 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 135.935 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 136.424 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 136.476 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 135.484 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 135.937 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 135.752 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 135.933 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 135.662 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 135.359 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 136.801 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 136.686 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 136.981 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 135.36 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 136.103 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 135.271 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 136.245 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 136.27 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 136.345 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 139.046 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 136.419 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 134.375 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 136.129 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 136.149 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 135.968 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 136.802 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 139.844 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 136.821 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 135.263 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 135.262 ms
readwrite done
