Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsServerPid: <0.1079.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 123.821 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 99.687 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 97.592 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 100.027 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 99.318 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 109.809 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 118.098 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 116.359 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 116.566 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 116.643 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 115.32 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 107.132 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 115.694 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 116.758 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 116.813 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 117.04 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 102.991 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 102.514 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 116.636 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 103.453 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 102.754 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 102.293 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 101.588 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 115.742 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 121.378 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 116.459 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 117.193 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 117.531 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 116.509 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 102.028 ms
readwrite done
