Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 447.505 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 519.027 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 537.852 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 541.398 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 521.767 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 506.869 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 510.224 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 510.113 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 506.462 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 506.891 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 503.113 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 503.433 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 502.404 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 516.638 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 511.556 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 509.611 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 513.736 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 511.98 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 516.598 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 511.033 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 514.777 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 513.122 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 512.281 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 511.28 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 509.861 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 510.363 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 509.069 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 509.495 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 508.735 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 507.233 ms
mixedload done
