Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 89.502 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 69.86 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 66.868 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 69.858 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 68.276 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 68.675 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 66.37 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 68.54 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 69.4 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 67.841 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 67.236 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 68.708 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 68.524 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 67.379 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 69.052 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 68.709 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 69.582 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 67.604 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 67.679 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 68.877 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 66.465 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 70.454 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 65.906 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 68.882 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 68.553 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 68.471 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 67.358 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 68.511 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 67.165 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 69.492 ms
readonly done
