Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsServerPid: <0.1079.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 121.982 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 100.469 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 97.721 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 96.3 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 97.418 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 99.696 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 111.389 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 111.647 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 110.498 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 105.388 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 109.629 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 111.755 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 112.374 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 113.941 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 113.658 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 115.49 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 112.756 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 112.02 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 113.276 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 112.883 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 112.717 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 112.7 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 109.505 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 90.808 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 112.944 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 112.651 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 112.318 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 112.778 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 112.51 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 112.793 ms
readwrite done
