Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsServerPid: <0.1079.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 231.498 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 202.632 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 199.813 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 200.11 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 200.276 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 200.148 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 202.125 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 200.048 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 200.251 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 199.937 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 198.641 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 199.483 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 200.609 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 201.209 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 199.169 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 199.432 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 201.092 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 201.201 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 200.92 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 199.684 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 199.438 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 198.526 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 201.133 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 205.008 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 202.142 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 200.955 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 202.986 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 202.611 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 201.508 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 201.065 ms
readwrite done
