Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 76.987 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 63.333 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 57.006 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 57.824 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 58.713 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 57.58 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 58.262 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 56.643 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 56.963 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 56.831 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 57.558 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 57.716 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 57.178 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 57.849 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 58.39 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 51.697 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 46.822 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 48.445 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 53.661 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 51.946 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 52.547 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 54.28 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 53.692 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 52.98 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 53.491 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 53.436 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 56.925 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 53.258 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 53.166 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 52.164 ms
readonly done
