Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 68.455 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 55.976 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 49.413 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 49.425 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 49.785 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 48.914 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 49.044 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 48.418 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 48.593 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 49.16 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 49.068 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 48.173 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 48.594 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 50.131 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 49.261 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 48.241 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 48.42 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 48.534 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 48.107 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 49.024 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 48.97 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 48.56 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 48.042 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 49.61 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 48.592 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 48.952 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 49.195 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 50.934 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 48.503 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 47.741 ms
readonly done
