Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 185.766 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 160.679 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 159.313 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 158.251 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 165.61 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 159.348 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 165.732 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 159.793 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 159.591 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 159.366 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 157.805 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 158.529 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 164.148 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 161.287 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 163.248 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 157.395 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 157.963 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 160.707 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 159.722 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 161.548 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 157.197 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 161.071 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 159.328 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 158.371 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 157.652 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 159.572 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 158.264 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 158.777 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 163.885 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 162.343 ms
readonly done
