Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 114.284 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 92.614 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 91.354 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 95.114 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 93.785 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 93.266 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 94.973 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 93.495 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 93.383 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 90.671 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 92.679 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 92.666 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 94.113 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 94.036 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 94.468 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 92.886 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 92.886 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 91.771 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 91.816 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 91.901 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 91.091 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 92.957 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 93.485 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 92.024 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 92.236 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 92.443 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 92.676 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 93.652 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 93.845 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 93.517 ms
mixedload done
