Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 67.955 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 53.423 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 48.167 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 48.798 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 47.68 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 48.639 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 48.075 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 47.455 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 47.566 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 47.665 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 48.451 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 47.577 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 47.114 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 48.65 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 50.216 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 48.707 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 48.707 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 49.166 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 48.288 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 48.013 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 48.241 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 49.188 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 48.361 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 48.861 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 48.48 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 48.851 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 48.661 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 47.885 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 48.481 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 49.518 ms
mixedload done
