Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsServerPid: <0.1079.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 159.5 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 127.048 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 125.866 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 125.692 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 125.64 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 127.182 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 127.835 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 127.225 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 126.667 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 126.662 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 127.109 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 125.959 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 125.468 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 126.642 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 126.012 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 127.128 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 126.95 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 126.902 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 126.699 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 125.673 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 127.422 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 126.629 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 127.5 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 126.565 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 128.587 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 127.251 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 126.739 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 126.136 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 127.213 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 126.78 ms
readwrite done
