Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 66.586 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 53.821 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 47.052 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 47.679 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 45.632 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 46.75 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 46.186 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 47.138 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 47.069 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 47.325 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 46.823 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 46.625 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 46.838 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 46.82 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 47.263 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 47.122 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 47.027 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 47.046 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 47.72 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 46.454 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 47.678 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 45.737 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 47.398 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 46.919 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 46.545 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 46.554 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 47.307 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 46.632 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 47.38 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 46.933 ms
mixedload done
