Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 67.104 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 56.815 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 48.969 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 49.251 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 50.096 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 46.855 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 46.824 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 48.562 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 48.205 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 47.916 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 47.818 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 48.082 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 47.874 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 49.134 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 48.529 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 47.642 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 48.718 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 47.79 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 49.134 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 48.056 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 48.8 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 48.169 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 47.252 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 50.145 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 48.065 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 49.025 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 48.892 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 48.003 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 47.851 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 48.218 ms
readonly done
