Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 77.765 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 61.448 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 53.67 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 55.023 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 55.186 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 53.582 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 53.132 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 53.259 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 53.664 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 53.155 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 54.036 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 54.344 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 53.881 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 54.802 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 54.29 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 52.921 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 55.04 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 53.834 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 52.416 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 53.693 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 53.571 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 53.646 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 53.144 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 54.845 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 55.584 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 53.749 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 53.654 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 54.955 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 54.243 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 54.415 ms
readonly done
