Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 71.225 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 53.885 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 50.808 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 52.713 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 50.631 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 50.677 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 50.591 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 50.824 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 51.26 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 50.798 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 50.689 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 50.303 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 51.256 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 52.12 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 51.104 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 51.59 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 51.76 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 51.695 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 51.741 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 52.721 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 51.644 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 52.33 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 51.852 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 52.654 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 51.443 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 51.124 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 51.029 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 52.218 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 51.734 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 51.988 ms
mixedload done
