Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 66.065 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 52.974 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 46.242 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 47.335 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 45.628 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 45.93 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 45.67 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 46.652 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 46.88 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 45.859 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 45.32 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 46.378 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 47.042 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 46.278 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 47.828 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 47.1 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 45.632 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 47.393 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 47.04 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 46.367 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 46.096 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 46.18 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 47.477 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 48.147 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 47.431 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 46.585 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 48.569 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 46.828 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 46.738 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 46.434 ms
mixedload done
