Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsServerPid: <0.1079.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 467.048 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 426.541 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 429.584 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 430.555 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 423.949 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 421.498 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 426.553 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 430.314 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 419.128 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 422.002 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 424.616 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 422.588 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 428.138 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 428.351 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 428.004 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 428.699 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 428.368 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 425.935 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 427.133 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 426.602 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 433.524 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 411.406 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 422.424 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 430.336 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 428.387 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 419.386 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 425.563 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 421.83 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 422.979 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 427.789 ms
readwrite done
