Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 67.595 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 54.281 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 48.083 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 48.951 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 49.657 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 46.826 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 47.915 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 48.03 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 48.467 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 49.771 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 47.809 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 48.43 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 47.825 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 48.073 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 48.253 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 48.605 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 47.8 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 47.006 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 47.611 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 48.543 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 47.497 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 48.532 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 48.817 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 47.948 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 47.68 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 48.341 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 49.1 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 48.387 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 47.399 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 47.981 ms
readonly done
