Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 235.201 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 216.169 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 211.202 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 212.752 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 216.111 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 213.258 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 211.881 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 206.485 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 210.432 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 213.728 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 210.773 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 212.704 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 211.672 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 216.182 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 215.218 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 210.703 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 213.2 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 214.351 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 208.574 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 209.051 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 210.097 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 207.507 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 209.245 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 211.374 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 212.936 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 202.585 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 212.968 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 200.822 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 211.601 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 216.944 ms
readonly done
