Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 98.459 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 74.782 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 75.491 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 78.033 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 76.374 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 74.387 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 76.752 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 76.475 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 75.464 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 75.634 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 75.211 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 74.612 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 76.318 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 77.29 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 78.057 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 75.457 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 75.726 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 74.109 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 75.763 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 76.159 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 76.283 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 75.204 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 74.7 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 76.008 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 74.104 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 76.663 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 76.166 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 75.625 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 76.62 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 76.289 ms
mixedload done
