Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsServerPid: <0.1079.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 182.66 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 153.552 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 153.418 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 154.948 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 154.641 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 153.748 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 153.822 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 154.715 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 153.312 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 153.919 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 155.005 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 153.662 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 153.411 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 154.085 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 154.314 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 153.442 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 154.294 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 156.552 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 154.027 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 153.958 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 153.835 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 153.597 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 154.187 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 154.981 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 153.075 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 152.354 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 153.233 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 153.524 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 153.693 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 154.641 ms
readwrite done
