Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 68.187 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 55.976 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 48.989 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 50.674 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 48.055 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 47.748 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 49.607 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 47.747 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 50.334 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 54.802 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 55.568 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 55.079 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 55.928 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 50.29 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 47.514 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 47.208 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 47.548 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 47.611 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 47.503 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 48.571 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 47.486 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 47.761 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 48.134 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 48.756 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 48.176 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 47.697 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 48.311 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 48.637 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 48.458 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 47.705 ms
mixedload done
