Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 77.381 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 59.289 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 57.173 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 57.011 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 56.944 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 55.82 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 56.029 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 55.668 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 55.612 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 56.482 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 57.018 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 57.037 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 50.227 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 49.96 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 49.704 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 49.656 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 49.266 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 49.371 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 49.995 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 49.338 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 49.246 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 50.57 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 50.367 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 49.689 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 49.519 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 49.863 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 49.237 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 49.564 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 49.709 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 49.529 ms
readonly done
