Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsServerPid: <0.1079.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 404.589 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 362.134 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 363.894 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 359.64 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 364.978 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 364.414 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 365.184 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 362.297 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 351.832 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 358.003 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 363.088 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 360.678 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 358.767 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 360.479 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 358.935 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 356.302 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 362.814 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 352.328 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 364.102 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 355.887 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 357.406 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 362.023 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 360.401 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 365.377 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 352.356 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 362.923 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 365.423 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 366.136 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 358.112 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 355.846 ms
readwrite done
