Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 70.904 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 56.691 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 49.79 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 50.369 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 49.946 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 49.847 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 49.359 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 50.023 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 48.525 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 48.887 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 49.548 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 50.029 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 49.987 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 51.054 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 50.397 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 49.981 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 49.377 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 49.212 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 50.351 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 49.357 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 49.671 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 51.478 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 49.35 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 49.421 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 50.264 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 50.501 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 50.952 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 50.419 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 50.213 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 49.188 ms
readonly done
