Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsServerPid: <0.1079.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 132.306 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 107.132 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 104.431 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 103.514 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 105.339 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 105.687 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 104.496 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 105.605 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 105.439 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 105.648 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 105.814 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 105.561 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 105.072 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 104.198 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 104.131 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 106.911 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 104.649 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 103.921 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 104.304 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 104.316 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 104.119 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 104.329 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 104.033 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 105.676 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 103.803 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 109.292 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 105.077 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 104.009 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 104.55 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 104.344 ms
readwrite done
