Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsServerPid: <0.1079.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 127.785 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 102.235 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 100.039 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 100.857 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 100.326 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 102.373 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 103.641 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 101.8 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 102.586 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 101.889 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 101.94 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 101.92 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 101.254 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 101.368 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 101.617 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 101.415 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 104.276 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 102.32 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 100.735 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 101.853 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 101.829 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 101.469 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 101.837 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 102.33 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 101.636 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 101.05 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 104.883 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 102.356 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 101.849 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 101.766 ms
readwrite done
