Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsServerPid: <0.1079.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 123.796 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 99.595 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 97.336 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 97.441 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 102.072 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 111.039 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 104.897 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 111.938 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 114.68 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 113.598 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 113.297 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 114.75 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 115.868 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 110.306 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 100.979 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 110.709 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 115.28 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 115.305 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 115.334 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 114.722 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 115.292 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 115.133 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 115.229 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 102.425 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 114.212 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 115.812 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 115.794 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 115.86 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 114.906 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 114.962 ms
readwrite done
