Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 66.818 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 56.359 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 47.354 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 47.065 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 46.253 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 46.002 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 46.075 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 46.579 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 49.42 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 47.659 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 45.984 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 46.027 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 48.495 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 50.453 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 47.276 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 47.637 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 46.831 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 50.392 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 47.118 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 46.614 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 47.226 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 46.139 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 45.853 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 46.572 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 50.936 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 53.978 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 47.167 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 46.818 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 48.676 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 47.277 ms
mixedload done
