Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsServerPid: <0.1079.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 123.713 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 97.411 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 95.102 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 106.995 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 96.073 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 99.012 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 104.744 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 111.198 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 110.834 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 110.729 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 105.825 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 111.195 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 111.209 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 111.81 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 111.695 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 108.036 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 97.781 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 97.508 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 96.66 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 96.905 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 96.863 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 97.126 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 96.959 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 97.508 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 97.33 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 103.539 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 111.764 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 96.434 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 95.088 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 96.028 ms
readwrite done
