Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 121.588 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 97.129 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 98.493 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 99.153 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 98.12 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 99.951 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 101.272 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 97.797 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 97.853 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 97.384 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 95.652 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 97.566 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 97.998 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 98.662 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 99.366 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 97.582 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 97.291 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 99.129 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 98.558 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 98.583 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 97.095 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 97.526 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 97.566 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 97.648 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 99.82 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 97.89 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 96.567 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 98.933 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 98.225 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 100.113 ms
mixedload done
