Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsServerPid: <0.1079.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 123.999 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 97.527 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 95.02 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 96.75 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 95.965 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 95.721 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 98.685 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 96.451 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 96.134 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 95.844 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 97.158 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 96.293 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 94.803 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 96.026 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 95.204 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 96.778 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 97.131 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 98.129 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 96.18 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 96.768 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 96.61 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 96.762 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 95.966 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 95.346 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 95.098 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 95.587 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 96.115 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 100.093 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 95.845 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 95.546 ms
readwrite done
