Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 139.568 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 112.346 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 112.496 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 114.132 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 115.542 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 115.15 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 114.76 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 115.545 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 114.376 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 116.096 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 115.883 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 114.283 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 116.647 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 115.796 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 118.9 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 115.341 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 115.093 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 114.473 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 115.237 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 115.545 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 116.442 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 117.703 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 118.111 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 116.021 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 117.023 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 114.219 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 113.899 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 116.048 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 115.611 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 115.305 ms
readonly done
