Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsServerPid: <0.1079.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 166.752 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 140.687 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 141.226 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 141.832 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 142.697 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 140.92 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 141.77 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 140.376 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 137.403 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 139.915 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 141.781 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 142.141 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 140.983 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 141.833 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 140.741 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 140.259 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 140.297 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 141.698 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 144.52 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 140.962 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 141.273 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 141.342 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 140.558 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 141.174 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 140.49 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 142.089 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 140.849 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 140.794 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 140.835 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 141.358 ms
readwrite done
