Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 74.409 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 51.455 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 47.045 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 50.516 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 48.379 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 48.862 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 50.984 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 52.027 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 51.316 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 49.107 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 54.376 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 57.26 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 57.492 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 55.953 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 52.892 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 50.668 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 53.171 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 53.818 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 50.641 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 50.382 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 51.282 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 50.423 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 51.176 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 56.874 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 57.244 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 57.013 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 57.231 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 57.029 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 59.174 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 57.598 ms
mixedload done
