Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 82.899 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 67.631 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 60.155 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 60.556 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 60.552 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 58.055 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 59.867 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 59.219 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 59.776 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 60.108 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 59.944 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 60.422 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 62.928 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 62.625 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 60.215 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 61.334 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 61.308 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 60.353 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 58.478 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 59.92 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 59.413 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 59.189 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 59.744 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 58.391 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 59.962 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 60.546 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 60.63 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 61.242 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 60.035 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 63.467 ms
readonly done
