Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 68.073 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 64.711 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 56.698 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 52.365 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 55.594 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 50.696 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 52.74 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 53.397 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 50.07 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 54.777 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 51.589 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 50.341 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 56.075 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 56.496 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 56.686 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 57.265 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 57.687 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 57.664 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 57.249 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 57.995 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 57.492 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 56.841 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 57.475 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 56.942 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 56.809 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 57.212 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 56.948 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 49.112 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 46.661 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 46.18 ms
readonly done
