Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 92.757 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 70.914 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 68.619 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 70.249 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 69.969 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 70.184 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 68.828 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 70.52 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 68.937 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 70.768 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 71.429 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 69.679 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 69.345 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 71.668 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 70.719 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 69.625 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 70.208 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 71.697 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 70.122 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 70.64 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 69.682 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 69.556 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 69.839 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 71.409 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 71.293 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 71.424 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 70.836 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 70.138 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 70.337 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 71.163 ms
readonly done
