Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsServerPid: <0.1079.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 158.128 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 131.52 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 131.824 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 130.145 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 131.303 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 131.74 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 130.615 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 130.361 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 130.027 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 131.739 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 130.201 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 130.33 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 132.085 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 131.016 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 130.596 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 130.373 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 131.311 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 131.643 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 130.464 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 131.416 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 133.009 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 131.106 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 131.626 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 130.221 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 130.107 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 129.169 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 130.688 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 131.034 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 135.603 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 131.669 ms
readwrite done
