Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsServerPid: <0.1079.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 124.569 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 99.214 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 97.624 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 98.131 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 96.63 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 97.545 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 99.364 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 98.151 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 97.568 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 96.299 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 98.683 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 96.525 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 97.496 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 97.154 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 97.421 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 96.827 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 97.398 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 98.981 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 97.484 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 98.485 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 97.948 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 97.653 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 97.481 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 97.331 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 97.497 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 97.111 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 97.246 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 101.973 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 96.812 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 96.396 ms
readwrite done
