Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 66.298 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 53.492 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 48.007 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 49.173 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 48.591 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 47.562 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 49.757 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 49.163 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 48.372 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 52.866 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 49.319 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 52.362 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 50.558 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 53.685 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 53.083 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 51.601 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 51.005 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 56.286 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 56.202 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 57.805 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 57.312 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 57.541 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 57.393 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 57.657 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 58.237 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 58.165 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 57.414 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 57.462 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 58.1 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 58.429 ms
mixedload done
