Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 69.658 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 61.591 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 56.887 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 55.768 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 52.06 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 49.312 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 53.012 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 51.057 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 52.621 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 50.885 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 52.798 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 54.647 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 58.12 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 57.523 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 57.461 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 57.767 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 57.868 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 57.913 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 58.481 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 57.167 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 57.599 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 57.709 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 58.686 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 58.381 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 58.194 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 58.043 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 58.383 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 48.114 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 46.025 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 47.949 ms
readonly done
