Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsServerPid: <0.1079.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 121.35 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 96.099 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 94.252 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 94.82 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 93.89 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 93.827 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 101.314 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 93.811 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 94.937 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 94.288 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 94.387 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 93.369 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 96.581 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 94.825 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 94.412 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 105.627 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 95.373 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 103.687 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 95.699 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 95.271 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 95.406 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 94.472 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 95.972 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 94.733 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 93.839 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 94.507 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 95.049 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 99.555 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 101.82 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 95.533 ms
readwrite done
