Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsServerPid: <0.1079.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 121.341 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 95.966 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 94.598 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 95.82 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 95.214 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 95.867 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 97.542 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 94.853 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 95.496 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 94.946 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 95.42 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 95.097 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 95.692 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 95.09 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 94.457 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 95.065 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 95.349 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 98.538 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 94.222 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 94.536 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 95.211 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 95.509 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 94.774 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 94.796 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 94.738 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 95.467 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 94.688 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 97.743 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 95.314 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 95.493 ms
readwrite done
