Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 80.121 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 61.672 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 58.464 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 59.53 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 60.571 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 59.133 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 58.947 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 58.758 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 58.364 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 57.314 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 59.673 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 58.84 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 58.18 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 58.59 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 58.476 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 58.985 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 58.63 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 58.736 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 58.355 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 62.358 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 61.38 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 58.678 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 58.425 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 57.881 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 57.683 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 60.2 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 58.854 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 58.682 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 59.182 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 59.134 ms
readonly done
