Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsServerPid: <0.1079.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 247.963 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 217.925 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 218.434 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 217.042 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 216.489 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 218.177 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 218.055 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 218.06 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 216.4 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 217.406 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 217.535 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 217.206 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 217.082 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 214.048 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 213.422 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 215.74 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 218.307 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 216.779 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 214.754 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 212.982 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 214.905 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 217.727 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 214.233 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 216.157 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 215.217 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 216.811 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 215.025 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 216.075 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 215.909 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 216.556 ms
readwrite done
