Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 117.454 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 94.107 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 94.831 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 94.625 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 92.805 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 94.385 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 93.973 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 93.818 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 93.374 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 95.547 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 92.438 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 93.58 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 94.568 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 93.631 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 94.259 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 95.063 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 95.613 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 92.561 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 93.368 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 95.163 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 95.28 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 94.891 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 96.072 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 94.076 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 94.797 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 92.943 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 93.701 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 95.04 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 94.077 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 96.719 ms
readonly done
