Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsServerPid: <0.1079.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 899.751 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 849.334 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 846.332 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 835.737 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 849.942 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 836.398 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 836.511 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 818.194 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 838.21 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 839.311 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 814.097 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 839.372 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 837.656 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 829.303 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 846.011 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 841.835 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 838.19 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 843.322 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 838.28 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 841.08 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 834.126 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 830.459 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 848.306 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 841.623 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 828.072 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 838.341 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 846.083 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 849.939 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 839.602 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 835.724 ms
readwrite done
