Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 71.997 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 55.265 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 50.606 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 51.431 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 51.25 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 49.787 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 50.612 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 50.701 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 50.177 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 50.663 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 50.973 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 51.42 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 51.43 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 51.899 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 51.822 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 51.476 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 51.257 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 51.295 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 50.96 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 51.154 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 50.981 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 50.961 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 51.822 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 52.66 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 52.497 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 51.466 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 50.683 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 51.009 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 51.313 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 50.695 ms
readonly done
