Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsServerPid: <0.1079.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 124.06 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 100.187 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 96.605 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 108.133 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 110.292 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 109.121 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 113.112 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 110.765 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 112.032 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 112.06 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 111.84 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 111.339 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 111.657 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 111.879 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 97.668 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 109.115 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 97.757 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 112.354 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 112.613 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 112.204 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 112.038 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 111.584 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 111.758 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 111.693 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 112.158 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 96.403 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 108.686 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 111.823 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 108.214 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 112.623 ms
readwrite done
