Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsServerPid: <0.1079.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 144.322 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 117.516 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 116.865 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 117.327 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 116.563 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 117.527 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 117.85 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 116.758 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 117.79 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 116.764 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 116.04 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 116.222 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 115.392 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 116.19 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 117.367 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 115.435 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 116.589 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 117.506 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 117.043 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 116.613 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 117.28 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 117.366 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 119.315 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 116.788 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 115.624 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 117.016 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 116.614 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 115.779 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 116.488 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 117.051 ms
readwrite done
