Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 66.559 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 56.651 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 48.4 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 48.691 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 48.602 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 49.625 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 47.562 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 47.986 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 47.441 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 46.736 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 47.092 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 47.336 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 49.069 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 48.029 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 49.458 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 48.657 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 47.808 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 48.196 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 48.001 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 47.824 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 49.743 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 50.085 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 47.421 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 47.088 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 47.202 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 47.984 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 48.347 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 48.514 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 48.867 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 47.725 ms
readonly done
