Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 259.083 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 243.969 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 246.821 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 251.504 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 250.181 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 241.045 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 249.476 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 247.258 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 246.347 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 246.127 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 244.045 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 250.941 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 248.72 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 247.09 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 244.06 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 246.094 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 247.449 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 250.657 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 250.878 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 242.155 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 239.412 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 248.334 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 253.103 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 249.468 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 250.635 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 251.32 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 249.965 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 246.824 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 235.032 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 247.889 ms
mixedload done
