Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsServerPid: <0.1079.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 124.087 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 101.914 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 99.887 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 98.863 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 103.589 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 109.081 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 113.309 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 114.127 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 114.211 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 114.136 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 114.165 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 113.741 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 114.087 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 104.366 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 91.847 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 107.279 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 114.004 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 112.887 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 113.71 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 113.422 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 113.188 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 113.653 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 106.352 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 90.984 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 101.894 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 100.211 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 97.871 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 108.038 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 111.863 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 112.111 ms
readwrite done
