Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 283.671 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 254.19 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 255.927 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 245.851 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 252.225 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 247.173 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 253.968 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 253.227 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 251.457 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 249.821 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 260.172 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 251.678 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 256.406 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 255.55 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 260.101 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 248.03 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 250.756 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 253.647 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 256.026 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 255.465 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 252.784 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 254.077 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 253.415 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 248.88 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 246.762 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 250.51 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 251.086 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 245.737 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 250.165 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 252.149 ms
readonly done
