Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 67.113 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 53.162 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 46.829 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 48.183 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 46.528 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 47.126 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 47.861 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 46.416 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 46.832 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 46.186 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 46.614 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 46.2 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 46.593 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 48.201 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 47.337 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 46.759 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 46.744 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 46.885 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 46.824 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 47.136 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 46.802 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 46.535 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 46.977 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 47.463 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 47.059 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 47.308 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 47.207 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 48.644 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 46.744 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 46.837 ms
mixedload done
