Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsServerPid: <0.1079.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 147.365 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 119.27 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 120.427 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 119.84 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 119.306 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 120.471 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 119.223 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 120.859 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 119.925 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 119.666 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 123.406 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 119.901 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 119.678 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 119.915 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 120.072 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 120.144 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 123.803 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 118.551 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 120.017 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 119.109 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 118.75 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 118.711 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 121.842 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 119.885 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 119.752 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 119.397 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 119.512 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 119.308 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 120.084 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 119.9 ms
readwrite done
