Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsServerPid: <0.1079.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 122.694 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 99.734 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 98.778 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 110.306 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 112.638 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 104.623 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 113.946 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 114.49 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 114.534 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 115.431 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 114.32 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 114.897 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 115.367 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 114.757 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 119.547 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 99.95 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 100.741 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 100.452 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 100.233 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 99.162 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 100.283 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 99.408 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 99.975 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 100.177 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 104.131 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 114.523 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 114.309 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 115.644 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 114.904 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 114.756 ms
readwrite done
