Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 103.554 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 80.295 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 79.712 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 79.849 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 79.318 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 80.225 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 82.256 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 80.023 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 82.541 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 79.148 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 80.355 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 80.365 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 80.625 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 79.993 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 79.801 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 79.586 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 79.889 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 79.207 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 81.227 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 80.158 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 80.213 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 79.614 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 79.776 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 79.825 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 80.199 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 81.018 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 81.402 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 80.707 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 81.167 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 80.637 ms
readonly done
