Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsServerPid: <0.1079.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 122.478 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 94.523 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 94.635 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 93.096 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 91.342 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 92.471 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 92.076 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 94.212 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 92.124 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 94.58 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 94.477 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 93.128 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 92.989 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 94.609 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 93.753 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 94.002 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 94.3 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 96.333 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 93.635 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 93.946 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 94.679 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 95.216 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 94.572 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 94.64 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 95.655 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 94.766 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 96.185 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 94.713 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 99.682 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 95.598 ms
readwrite done
