Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 113.75 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 89.603 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 89.615 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 90.056 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 90.94 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 89.038 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 90.671 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 89.19 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 89.303 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 89.245 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 88.369 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 88.305 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 88.933 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 87.977 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 89.231 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 88.307 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 90.367 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 88.767 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 89.86 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 88.071 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 87.971 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 89.754 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 88.557 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 87.89 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 88.225 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 88.696 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 87.527 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 88.689 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 87.895 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 90.555 ms
readonly done
