Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 66.513 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 51.565 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 47.919 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 48.996 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 46.778 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 45.449 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 45.82 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 47.655 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 46.788 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 47.793 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 47.286 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 46.986 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 48.073 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 46.821 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 48.068 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 46.577 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 46.709 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 47.643 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 46.855 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 47.176 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 46.888 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 46.542 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 46.904 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 47.768 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 47.504 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 47.057 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 48.287 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 47.233 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 46.674 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 48.27 ms
mixedload done
