Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsServerPid: <0.1079.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 124.862 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 99.283 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 97.735 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 96.937 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 97.324 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 97.551 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 100.599 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 96.912 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 98.321 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 98.397 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 99.5 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 98.801 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 97.75 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 99.06 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 97.303 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 98.696 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 101.291 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 98.282 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 97.458 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 97.743 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 98.961 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 99.514 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 98.357 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 99.152 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 98.931 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 98.385 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 101.265 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 99.397 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 98.983 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 98.866 ms
readwrite done
