Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsServerPid: <0.1079.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 314.387 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 287.16 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 282.243 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 282.272 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 284.25 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 286.464 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 287.45 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 282.471 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 286.029 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 289.727 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 283.314 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 284.589 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 290.38 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 287.583 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 282.82 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 285.281 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 286.248 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 277.313 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 283.643 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 285.075 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 286.85 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 281.421 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 287.273 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 285.71 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 287.446 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 283.487 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 282.076 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 285.945 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 285.567 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 284.142 ms
readwrite done
