Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 67.556 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 52.434 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 47.575 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 48.912 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 49.198 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 48.837 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 49.679 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 48.646 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 48.729 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 49.017 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 48.846 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 47.873 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 48.75 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 51.385 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 48.802 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 48.767 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 49.033 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 52.552 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 52.717 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 49.098 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 48.855 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 48.912 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 49.517 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 48.914 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 49.06 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 49.903 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 49.163 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 49.574 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 48.54 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 48.701 ms
mixedload done
