Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsServerPid: <0.1079.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 125.267 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 109.803 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 109.931 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 110.282 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 110.766 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 103.587 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 110.149 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 96.35 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 97.045 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 98.121 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 102.846 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 96.558 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 96.557 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 97.154 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 96.459 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 96.772 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 100.09 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 95.947 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 95.569 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 97.84 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 96.676 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 99.509 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 96.34 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 95.884 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 95.772 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 98.15 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 100.887 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 96.488 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 95.204 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 95.496 ms
readwrite done
