Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 78.478 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 57.418 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 57.604 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 59.334 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 57.008 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 57.028 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 57.396 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 57.375 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 57.901 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 57.094 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 57.364 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 57.268 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 59.137 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 58.383 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 58.469 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 60.305 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 62.229 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 58.643 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 58.336 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 59.548 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 57.315 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 57.859 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 58.075 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 58.804 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 57.678 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 58.951 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 58.042 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 57.902 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 59.189 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 58.459 ms
mixedload done
