Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 76.025 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 57.441 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 53.991 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 54.367 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 55.166 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 55.354 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 55.243 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 54.815 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 55.063 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 55.037 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 54.282 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 55.794 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 56.968 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 55.556 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 55.105 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 54.844 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 55.973 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 56.236 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 54.731 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 54.96 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 56.597 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 57.076 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 59.41 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 55.284 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 55.839 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 54.523 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 55.311 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 55.917 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 56.11 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 55.725 ms
readonly done
