Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 126.566 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 100.387 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 99.063 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 103.488 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 102.938 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 101.101 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 102.109 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 101.154 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 100.979 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 101.56 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 100.049 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 102.461 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 99.656 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 99.679 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 100.914 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 100.702 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 99.671 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 101.464 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 100.583 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 98.674 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 101.228 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 102.929 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 101.534 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 99.557 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 98.44 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 100.381 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 101.63 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 101.101 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 98.835 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 99.078 ms
readonly done
