Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 139.01 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 115.174 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 114.905 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 118.779 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 116.267 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 118.851 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 119.257 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 116.344 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 116.033 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 114.236 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 114.193 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 117.217 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 116.502 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 117.203 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 117.331 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 115.152 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 115.965 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 114.745 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 116.156 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 113.123 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 114.628 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 114.384 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 116.675 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 114.17 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 114.642 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 115.721 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 115.352 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 115.238 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 115.83 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 119.845 ms
mixedload done
