Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 109.02 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 87.099 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 86.618 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 87.889 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 87.98 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 87.971 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 89.648 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 86.342 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 86.642 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 85.844 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 87.475 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 86.063 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 86.84 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 87.496 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 89.039 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 87.624 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 85.145 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 86.661 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 85.428 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 85.022 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 87.254 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 85.19 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 85.566 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 86.155 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 84.466 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 87.57 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 87.674 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 86.526 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 88.129 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 88.742 ms
mixedload done
