Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 74.49 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 57.178 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 49.801 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 51.707 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 47.99 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 47.837 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 49.401 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 50.055 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 49.485 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 49.145 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 47.73 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 47.843 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 47.961 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 49.41 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 47.725 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 48.163 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 47.971 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 47.8 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 47.43 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 48.134 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 47.575 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 48.297 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 48.306 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 47.973 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 48.719 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 49.741 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 48.045 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 48.315 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 47.87 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 48.047 ms
mixedload done
