Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 73.667 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 57.885 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 50.751 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 51.802 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 49.697 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 49.643 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 49.108 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 49.806 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 49.221 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 49.518 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 50.741 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 50.24 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 49.968 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 52.019 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 50.441 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 50.019 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 50.06 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 49.874 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 50.736 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 50.001 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 50.742 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 51.104 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 51.832 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 51.35 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 52.295 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 51.186 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 51.451 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 52.104 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 50.502 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 49.791 ms
mixedload done
