Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 132.174 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 106.087 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 104.282 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 107.898 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 106.848 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 103.856 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 107.25 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 105.68 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 105.223 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 105.876 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 104.777 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 105.502 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 107.102 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 108.334 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 108.771 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 106.867 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 105.77 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 107.035 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 106.697 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 108.567 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 108.154 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 108.984 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 109.879 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 103.706 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 105.306 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 105.134 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 106.992 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 108.952 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 106.148 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 108.67 ms
mixedload done
