Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsServerPid: <0.1079.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 209.356 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 186.742 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 186.963 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 191.399 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 192.835 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 189.201 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 193.225 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 190.366 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 192.019 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 185.362 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 192.163 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 188.961 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 192.542 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 193.59 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 193.003 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 192.086 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 191.802 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 190.524 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 191.421 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 191.694 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 190.733 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 190.101 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 195.896 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 193.698 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 193.638 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 192.89 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 191.494 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 195.514 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 194.071 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 196.231 ms
readwrite done
