Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 77.676 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 53.408 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 49.716 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 51.033 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 50.347 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 49.907 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 51.068 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 55.889 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 55.932 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 57.329 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 56.547 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 58.271 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 59.21 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 51.897 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 52.06 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 57.502 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 50.491 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 54.355 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 50.794 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 54.474 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 51.133 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 53.478 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 52.762 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 51.684 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 57.17 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 58.221 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 58.551 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 57.361 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 56.905 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 58.598 ms
mixedload done
