Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsServerPid: <0.1079.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 120.768 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 96.53 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 94.877 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 94.767 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 94.799 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 94.617 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 97.071 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 94.646 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 94.364 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 96.343 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 94.858 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 94.155 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 93.783 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 94.078 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 93.586 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 94.634 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 94.723 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 98.177 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 93.909 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 94.098 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 94.57 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 93.93 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 93.326 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 93.323 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 93.574 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 94.388 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 93.65 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 95.288 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 97.223 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 94.302 ms
readwrite done
