Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 79.46 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 60.087 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 55.714 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 57.452 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 55.277 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 56.133 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 55.932 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 56.333 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 56.201 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 57.208 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 55.863 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 56.229 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 55.637 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 57.047 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 56.594 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 56.64 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 56.246 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 56.815 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 55.873 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 56.691 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 56.795 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 56.26 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 57.157 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 57.507 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 57.275 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 56.412 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 57.767 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 56.825 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 56.814 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 57.031 ms
mixedload done
