Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsServerPid: <0.1079.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 126.675 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 101.353 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 98.614 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 99.018 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 97.366 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 103.437 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 116.354 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 114.556 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 114.72 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 115.282 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 102.846 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 99.835 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 111.269 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 101.748 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 114.207 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 115.188 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 114.012 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 112.077 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 112.502 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 113.857 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 100.006 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 99.171 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 111.671 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 114.335 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 120.363 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 114.627 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 115.128 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 103.714 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 99.549 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 100.424 ms
readwrite done
