Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 449.424 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 532.246 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 525.714 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 519.22 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 530.071 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 525.242 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 515.334 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 514.343 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 513.385 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 530.155 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 529.501 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 526.365 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 527.738 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 527.553 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 528.266 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 524.771 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 531.894 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 527.565 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 527.006 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 531.796 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 531.425 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 528.851 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 528.915 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 529.911 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 529.489 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 529.971 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 528.637 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 536.562 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 530.887 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 528.041 ms
readonly done
