Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 73.772 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 57.107 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 52.943 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 54.359 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 53.955 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 53.091 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 54.095 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 53.915 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 53.529 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 54.303 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 53.524 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 53.219 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 53.352 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 53.895 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 53.774 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 55.152 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 54.266 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 53.898 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 54.998 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 54.301 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 54.463 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 54.777 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 54.022 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 54.799 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 54.618 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 54.897 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 54.205 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 54.395 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 55.05 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 53.643 ms
mixedload done
