Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 71.724 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 54.277 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 52.099 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 52.716 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 51.747 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 51.978 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 51.973 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 51.715 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 52.344 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 51.785 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 52.02 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 53.513 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 52.212 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 52.998 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 53.031 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 51.329 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 51.633 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 52.462 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 52.469 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 52.167 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 51.998 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 52.326 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 51.872 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 51.697 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 52.745 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 52.034 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 52.782 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 52.963 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 53.255 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 51.866 ms
mixedload done
