Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsServerPid: <0.1079.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 357.364 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 320.218 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 312.735 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 317.284 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 320.958 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 317.257 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 317.682 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 315.925 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 317.609 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 316.546 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 316.012 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 317.734 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 314.702 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 318.204 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 317.874 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 311.676 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 314.924 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 317.14 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 319.286 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 319.365 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 321.097 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 319.162 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 321.43 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 311.901 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 319.276 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 317.405 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 312.351 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 319.316 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 312.458 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 315.828 ms
readwrite done
