Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 205.218 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 182.984 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 183.485 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 188.194 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 189.298 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 188.72 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 184.734 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 182.554 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 183.48 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 178.328 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 181.735 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 184.428 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 186.357 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 183.489 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 187.094 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 179.43 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 179.906 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 179.712 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 178.497 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 183.443 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 182.57 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 189.052 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 185.715 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 179.922 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 179.152 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 180.837 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 182.1 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 180.224 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 183.468 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 185.591 ms
readonly done
