Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 76.428 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 52.253 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 47.844 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 49.683 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 47.618 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 48.411 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 49.046 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 52.912 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 53.506 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 53.172 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 50.71 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 48.996 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 51.827 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 53.534 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 52.228 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 52.001 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 50.074 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 50.683 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 50.991 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 50.052 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 52.526 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 52.59 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 55.468 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 52.179 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 50.316 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 53.24 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 53.636 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 51.812 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 48.817 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 50.651 ms
mixedload done
