Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsServerPid: <0.1079.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 207.749 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 179.081 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 177.894 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 178.883 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 178.18 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 178.38 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 179.588 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 179.637 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 179.837 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 177.675 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 178.954 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 179.622 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 179.309 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 179.336 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 181.37 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 177.818 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 179.243 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 176.925 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 178.734 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 177.903 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 179.467 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 179.278 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 178.092 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 178.759 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 177.438 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 176.958 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 178.955 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 178.616 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 176.247 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 177.515 ms
readwrite done
