Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 68.23 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 64.853 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 51.09 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 52.525 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 52.68 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 51.22 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 51.299 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 52.788 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 53.343 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 52.18 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 52.744 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 53.764 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 54.127 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 57.746 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 57.959 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 59.938 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 58.638 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 59.12 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 59.157 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 58.808 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 58.79 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 58.277 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 58.507 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 60.468 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 59.841 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 61.249 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 58.949 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 52.091 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 48.245 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 48.27 ms
readonly done
