Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 68.058 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 63.217 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 56.093 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 55.657 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 56.355 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 56.032 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 55.978 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 55.396 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 54.76 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 54.828 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 56.857 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 57.378 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 58.201 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 56.201 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 55.807 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 56.005 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 56.122 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 56.391 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 56.416 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 56.584 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 55.242 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 48.693 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 48.527 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 49.831 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 51.64 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 48.464 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 48.581 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 48.849 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 48.68 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 49.165 ms
readonly done
