Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 68.109 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 54.842 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 49.304 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 50.987 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 49.927 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 49.696 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 50.811 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 49.134 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 52.266 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 51.104 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 50.754 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 52.679 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 51.42 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 54.662 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 52.977 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 52.785 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 51.139 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 50.97 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 53.846 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 54.186 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 52.933 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 53.754 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 53.202 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 52.073 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 53.84 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 54.696 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 55.238 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 58.343 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 59.074 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 58.722 ms
mixedload done
