Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 79.388 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 61.733 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 57.233 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 58.176 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 59.742 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 57.843 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 57.659 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 57.494 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 61.753 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 59.696 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 57.632 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 58.127 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 57.758 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 57.067 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 58.9 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 58.603 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 57.408 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 56.629 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 58.196 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 57.617 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 57.99 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 56.666 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 58.004 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 58.787 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 57.792 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 57.907 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 59.221 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 58.144 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 59.191 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 58.16 ms
readonly done
