Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 68.418 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 54.026 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 47.644 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 49.294 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 50.314 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 47.925 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 46.733 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 47.412 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 47.672 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 47.138 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 47.668 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 47.709 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 47.183 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 48.247 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 48.793 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 48.633 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 47.385 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 46.914 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 47.375 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 47.684 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 47.991 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 48.102 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 48.349 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 47.787 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 47.385 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 48.297 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 48.078 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 47.293 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 48.395 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 48.118 ms
readonly done
