Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 66.265 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 53.162 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 47.788 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 48.076 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 46.61 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 48.593 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 51.11 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 47.851 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 46.352 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 46.404 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 47.906 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 47.581 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 48.436 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 47.237 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 49.27 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 48.006 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 47.366 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 47.344 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 47.705 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 47.142 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 47.639 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 47.12 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 46.821 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 46.623 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 46.44 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 48.893 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 50.724 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 48.304 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 47.626 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 47.438 ms
mixedload done
