Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 69.316 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 52.954 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 48.331 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 50.696 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 48.784 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 49.238 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 49.677 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 48.456 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 48.553 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 48.735 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 49.198 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 49.386 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 50.575 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 50.644 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 50.177 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 49.596 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 49.624 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 49.522 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 49.509 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 49.917 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 49.318 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 49.241 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 49.224 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 49.252 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 49.04 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 50.45 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 49.23 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 50.744 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 49.534 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 50.285 ms
mixedload done
