Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 72.419 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 56.441 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 51.859 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 51.379 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 52.285 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 52.114 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 51.848 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 51.746 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 51.803 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 51.232 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 50.532 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 51.654 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 51.24 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 52.803 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 51.332 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 51.505 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 51.841 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 51.679 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 50.836 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 51.733 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 51.556 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 52.799 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 51.674 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 51.89 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 51.415 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 52.365 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 51.854 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 52.712 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 52.17 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 51.445 ms
readonly done
