Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsServerPid: <0.1079.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 221.398 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 190.71 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 192.72 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 193.02 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 191.06 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 190.809 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 192.016 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 190.545 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 190.972 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 191.13 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 190.218 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 190.606 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 191.109 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 191.462 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 188.628 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 191.29 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 190.306 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 189.881 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 188.718 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 189.786 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 188.213 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 188.736 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 190.421 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 190.12 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 190.429 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 188.235 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 189.355 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 189.258 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 189.429 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 191.162 ms
readwrite done
