Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsServerPid: <0.1079.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 198.354 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 170.323 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 168.775 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 169.88 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 170.012 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 169.469 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 169.091 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 170.313 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 170.34 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 169.395 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 170.62 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 170.359 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 170.394 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 169.293 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 168.46 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 171.457 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 169.264 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 169.111 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 169.901 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 167.775 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 168.245 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 169.94 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 168.253 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 166.269 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 167.433 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 169.439 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 169.166 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 172.185 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 168.708 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 170.112 ms
readwrite done
