Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 201.611 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 174.247 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 174.347 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 182.588 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 177.781 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 180.819 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 181.577 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 174.899 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 178.145 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 177.655 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 178.322 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 176.721 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 177.53 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 181.215 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 183.008 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 179.19 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 178.387 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 176.221 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 177.248 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 176.351 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 178.012 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 177.385 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 174.889 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 173.149 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 177.84 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 177.64 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 177.661 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 173.805 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 179.303 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 171.856 ms
mixedload done
