Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 90.99 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 69.87 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 68.706 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 68.592 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 68.972 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 68.689 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 68.716 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 67.93 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 68.813 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 68.178 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 69.328 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 68.992 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 68.559 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 68.377 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 69.027 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 68.49 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 69.498 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 68.689 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 69.398 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 70.883 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 70.279 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 70.242 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 69.174 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 68.386 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 69.967 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 69.868 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 69.315 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 70.806 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 68.715 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 70.439 ms
mixedload done
