Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 237.474 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 206.896 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 208.144 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 213.729 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 205.522 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 211.074 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 213.509 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 205.636 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 213.431 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 205.596 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 209.21 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 209.44 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 210.973 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 211.741 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 210.48 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 209.563 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 211.589 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 209.322 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 207.957 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 204.788 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 208.796 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 211.542 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 209.52 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 208.101 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 209.649 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 207.461 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 203.47 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 210.924 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 204.161 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 204.755 ms
mixedload done
