Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsServerPid: <0.1079.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 135.958 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 109.094 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 108.097 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 107.797 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 108.693 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 108.433 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 110.513 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 108.931 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 109.522 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 110.398 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 108.805 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 109.293 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 108.675 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 108.963 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 110.146 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 111.395 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 108.811 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 109.323 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 109.694 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 108.869 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 109.299 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 109.14 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 109.145 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 109.351 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 111.65 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 108.733 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 108.598 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 108.232 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 108.893 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 107.817 ms
readwrite done
