Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 344.886 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 319.979 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 321.799 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 328.561 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 332.202 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 326.346 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 336.669 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 323.191 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 322.398 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 321.785 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 312.668 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 312.817 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 324.455 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 321.389 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 326.473 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 316.369 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 318.88 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 324.33 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 315.204 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 324.317 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 323.96 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 308.105 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 323.983 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 321.855 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 322.526 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 318.385 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 322.116 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 322.897 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 324.507 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 326.919 ms
readonly done
