Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsServerPid: <0.1079.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 123.037 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 97.841 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 95.806 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 96.842 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 97.791 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 98.107 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 98.204 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 97.437 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 97.883 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 97.498 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 97.834 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 96.47 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 97.135 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 102.344 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 98.45 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 96.342 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 101.429 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 95.72 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 97.296 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 97.525 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 97.1 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 97.91 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 96.911 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 97.193 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 96.807 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 97.454 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 98.018 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 102.586 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 98.452 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 97.276 ms
readwrite done
