Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsServerPid: <0.1079.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 122.57 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 95.034 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 93.422 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 93.617 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 93.086 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 93.625 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 94.539 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 96.47 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 94.928 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 94.186 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 94.055 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 93.854 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 93.543 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 95.186 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 93.842 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 94.292 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 93.979 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 96.811 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 93.888 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 93.465 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 94.125 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 94.036 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 94.394 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 95.845 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 93.832 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 93.543 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 95.045 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 94.874 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 98.741 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 94.359 ms
readwrite done
