Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsServerPid: <0.1079.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 189.179 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 160.899 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 161.676 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 160.386 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 160.04 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 160.56 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 162.286 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 160.665 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 162.301 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 160.992 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 162.145 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 160.708 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 160.191 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 162.11 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 161.569 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 160.995 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 163.843 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 161.18 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 160.248 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 161.663 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 162.074 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 161.103 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 162.867 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 161.845 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 161.793 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 161.627 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 161.679 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 161.751 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 160.287 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 160.893 ms
readwrite done
