Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 161.68 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 144.246 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 139.926 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 142.136 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 142.217 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 144.759 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 145.655 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 141.613 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 141.332 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 140.391 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 139.284 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 140.354 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 140.634 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 144.45 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 142.958 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 140.76 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 143.922 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 137.816 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 141.038 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 139.805 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 140.715 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 143.049 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 142.475 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 142.687 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 140.058 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 138.912 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 140.789 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 143.208 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 142.82 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 142.721 ms
readonly done
