Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 76.25 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 52.402 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 49.118 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 52.786 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 52.747 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 48.084 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 49.356 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 50.707 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 51.961 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 52.188 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 50.543 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 50.508 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 53.228 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 57.851 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 57.59 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 58.038 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 57.499 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 58.263 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 58.693 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 58.478 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 57.364 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 57.219 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 57.449 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 57.913 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 58.024 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 58.038 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 58.919 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 54.835 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 45.511 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 45.374 ms
mixedload done
