Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 66.784 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 53.701 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 45.968 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 48.079 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 46.116 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 45.453 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 45.207 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 45.657 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 46.02 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 45.911 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 46.556 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 46.926 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 46.739 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 47.885 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 46.462 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 46.751 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 46.61 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 46.556 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 46.168 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 46.446 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 46.785 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 46.741 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 46.485 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 47.942 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 47.336 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 46.98 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 47.452 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 47.864 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 47.014 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 46.905 ms
mixedload done
