Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 69.1 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 64.063 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 57.22 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 56.759 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 57.437 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 56.801 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 56.785 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 57.756 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 56.297 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 56.973 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 57.333 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 59.672 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 56.109 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 51.253 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 52.327 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 53.342 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 55.133 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 54.221 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 52.732 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 53.026 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 54.669 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 55.982 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 57.898 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 59.011 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 59.25 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 58.798 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 59.567 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 58.184 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 58.004 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 58.654 ms
readonly done
