Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 69.405 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 53.721 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 48.272 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 49.268 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 49.915 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 47.767 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 47.359 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 49.36 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 47.955 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 48.599 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 47.621 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 48.607 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 49.019 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 50.282 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 49.514 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 48.468 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 47.378 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 48.476 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 48.867 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 48.988 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 47.748 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 47.784 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 47.871 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 48.55 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 48.571 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 49.28 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 48.944 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 49.034 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 48.754 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 48.452 ms
readonly done
