Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 68.814 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 57.578 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 49.148 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 48.362 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 49.298 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 48.89 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 50.992 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 51.228 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 47.822 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 47.13 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 48.051 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 51.216 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 54.43 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 48.405 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 47.495 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 48.903 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 48.139 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 47.646 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 47.031 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 49.502 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 50.364 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 51.046 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 48.337 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 48.141 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 48.568 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 48.975 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 48.268 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 48.912 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 47.6 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 47.875 ms
readonly done
