Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsServerPid: <0.1079.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 136.155 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 110.979 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 109.852 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 110.752 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 110.317 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 111.944 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 110.538 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 110.91 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 110.183 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 110.744 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 109.954 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 109.87 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 110.806 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 108.937 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 110.776 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 110.478 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 110.362 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 110.894 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 110.287 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 109.687 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 109.952 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 110.345 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 109.854 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 112.482 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 111.383 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 110.811 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 110.018 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 110.135 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 110.036 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 110.746 ms
readwrite done
