Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 99.022 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 79.256 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 77.196 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 79.455 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 77.86 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 78.273 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 78.013 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 76.929 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 78.817 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 78.397 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 78.281 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 76.226 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 79.323 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 79.187 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 79.421 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 76.576 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 79.016 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 78.584 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 77.971 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 76.443 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 79.074 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 80.039 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 79.798 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 79.657 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 78.223 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 78.177 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 78.538 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 78.716 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 80.383 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 80.651 ms
mixedload done
