Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 66.936 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 58.603 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 49.13 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 50.429 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 49.471 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 48.88 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 50.906 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 50.084 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 51.504 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 50.201 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 47.959 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 51.433 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 54.286 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 56.761 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 56.9 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 57.722 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 56.494 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 57.261 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 56.467 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 56.305 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 56.465 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 56.268 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 56.183 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 56.897 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 57.433 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 58.629 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 56.972 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 54.4 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 44.847 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 44.685 ms
mixedload done
