Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 96.436 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 73.189 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 70.644 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 75.019 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 74.866 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 73.205 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 73.228 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 72.521 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 72.171 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 74.318 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 71.296 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 72.489 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 71.084 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 72.851 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 74.549 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 72.766 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 72.746 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 72.086 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 71.514 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 73.205 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 74.015 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 73.655 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 72.323 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 73.667 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 71.607 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 73.861 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 71.329 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 73.307 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 73.437 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 73.443 ms
readonly done
