Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsServerPid: <0.1079.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 121.253 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 94.05 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 94.256 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 92.673 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 92.59 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 94.18 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 95.606 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 95.127 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 92.906 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 93.785 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 95.325 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 93.642 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 94.106 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 93.093 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 93.478 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 93.332 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 95.665 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 97.904 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 96.522 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 93.866 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 93.695 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 93.918 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 94.028 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 94.594 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 95.917 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 94.432 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 97.97 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 96.005 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 99.19 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 94.712 ms
readwrite done
