Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 69.591 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 54.825 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 49.314 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 50.598 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 51.353 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 49.106 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 49.61 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 49.291 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 49.238 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 50.444 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 49.577 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 49.463 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 50.494 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 50.981 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 50.465 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 50.603 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 49.026 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 48.711 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 48.745 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 49.617 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 50.128 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 49.209 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 53.429 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 53.318 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 50.536 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 49.551 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 50.057 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 49.446 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 49.7 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 51.363 ms
readonly done
