Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsServerPid: <0.1079.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 153.199 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 124.664 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 125.484 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 123.803 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 124.5 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 125.258 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 125.032 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 123.651 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 124.19 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 123.904 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 124.607 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 123.678 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 124.328 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 125.381 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 124.06 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 123.481 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 124.94 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 123.757 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 122.908 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 122.865 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 123.555 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 127.132 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 123.052 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 124.022 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 123.783 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 123.182 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 124.448 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 123.907 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 123.945 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 126.061 ms
readwrite done
