Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsServerPid: <0.1079.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 560.52 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 527.447 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 520.314 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 511.648 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 520.575 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 520.756 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 524.443 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 507.89 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 526.764 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 520.785 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 517.132 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 514.997 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 514.317 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 512.366 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 517.195 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 519.799 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 505.988 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 519.223 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 519.828 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 525.061 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 522.922 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 518.215 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 520.505 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 520.287 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 519.589 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 506.128 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 517.491 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 521.744 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 512.521 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 519.476 ms
readwrite done
