Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsServerPid: <0.1079.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 133.02 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 106.839 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 105.555 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 105.756 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 106.245 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 105.781 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 107.914 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 107.53 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 106.658 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 106.945 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 107.043 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 106.65 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 107.159 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 107.174 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 106.889 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 108.167 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 107.279 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 106.891 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 107.566 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 106.866 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 107.07 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 106.164 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 107.23 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 105.734 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 105.687 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 109.178 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 106.058 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 106.716 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 105.837 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 105.965 ms
readwrite done
