Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsServerPid: <0.1079.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 128.068 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 98.363 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 96.762 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 96.235 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 96.397 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 100.455 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 103.499 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 95.015 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 95.418 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 94.833 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 97.379 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 97.385 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 94.453 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 95.969 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 102.54 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 97.095 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 100.89 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 94.907 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 97.996 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 96.457 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 95.742 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 95.999 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 95.646 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 95.18 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 95.5 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 95.516 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 95.747 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 98.867 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 99.019 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 95.814 ms
readwrite done
