Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 108.72 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 86.006 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 84.958 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 84.845 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 85.555 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 86.634 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 85.21 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 86.66 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 85.951 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 84.836 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 84.679 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 85.268 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 84.38 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 83.734 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 85.935 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 85.561 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 85.168 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 84.752 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 84.496 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 84.711 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 85.469 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 85.895 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 84.319 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 85.416 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 86.188 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 84.941 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 84.452 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 85.417 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 85.139 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 85.679 ms
readonly done
