Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 70.124 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 66.643 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 57.507 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 56.5 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 57.864 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 56.657 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 56.195 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 57.157 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 58.334 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 57.739 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 58.105 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 61.546 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 59.061 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 58.628 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 58.983 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 59.551 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 59.264 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 60.249 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 58.982 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 58.478 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 58.947 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 59.059 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 59.014 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 58.951 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 59.584 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 58.186 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 48.691 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 47.867 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 48.339 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 58.501 ms
readonly done
