Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 66.375 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 53.134 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 47.823 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 47.375 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 46.13 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 46.7 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 48.149 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 46.63 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 47.16 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 46.741 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 47.517 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 46.488 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 46.252 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 48.909 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 49.038 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 47.725 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 47.6 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 47.201 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 47.227 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 47.275 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 47.355 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 47.959 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 47.095 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 47.213 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 47.622 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 48.253 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 47.14 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 48.106 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 47.504 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 48.47 ms
mixedload done
