Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 85.857 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 65.069 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 63.166 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 63.454 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 65.272 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 64.033 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 63.773 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 63.328 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 62.269 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 64.712 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 63.414 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 63.45 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 62.654 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 63.659 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 64.052 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 62.916 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 64.148 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 63.936 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 63.841 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 64.668 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 64.373 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 66.25 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 66.061 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 65.156 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 63.47 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 63.467 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 63.453 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 63.418 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 64.158 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 62.212 ms
readonly done
