Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 65.67 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 54.758 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 47.828 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 48.707 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 46.563 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 46.025 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 49.176 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 47.135 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 46.572 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 46.885 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 47.671 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 45.689 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 45.641 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 49.248 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 51.511 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 53.029 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 52.195 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 47.975 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 47.063 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 46.808 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 46.146 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 46.944 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 46.502 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 47.911 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 47.328 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 46.999 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 47.642 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 46.583 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 46.292 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 47.412 ms
mixedload done
