Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 69.073 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 56.2 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 49.879 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 50.476 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 50.33 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 49.364 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 49.666 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 50.201 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 49.249 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 50.617 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 48.853 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 49.528 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 49.104 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 50.235 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 49.23 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 50.634 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 49.538 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 49.89 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 49.327 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 49.875 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 48.985 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 49.575 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 50.828 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 49.476 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 49.355 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 50.831 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 49.211 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 49.613 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 48.981 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 48.886 ms
readonly done
