Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 63.887 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 54.514 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 49.51 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 50.514 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 47.672 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 47.021 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 49.367 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 48.421 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 51.106 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 48.636 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 48.347 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 48.322 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 47.576 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 49.861 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 55.21 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 56.079 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 55.38 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 56.298 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 55.93 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 56.394 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 55.571 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 55.438 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 55.996 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 56.147 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 56.653 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 56.18 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 55.939 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 55.896 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 49.546 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 43.84 ms
mixedload done
