Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 405.189 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 397.785 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 397.849 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 401.03 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 392.003 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 394.76 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 391.93 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 391.595 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 392.965 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 397.139 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 386.105 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 396.627 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 400.194 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 394.536 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 398.061 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 394.325 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 400.144 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 403.024 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 400.319 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 395.077 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 395.578 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 419.652 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 392.418 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 394.569 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 397.751 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 396.565 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 393.756 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 395.459 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 396.833 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 396.48 ms
mixedload done
