Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsServerPid: <0.1079.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 141.847 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 115.075 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 114.676 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 113.967 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 113.234 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 115.651 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 115.436 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 114.314 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 114.415 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 113.889 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 114.378 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 113.356 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 113.996 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 113.012 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 114.358 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 114.013 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 113.552 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 114.28 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 113.094 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 113.279 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 114.139 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 113.979 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 113.296 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 117.366 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 113.73 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 114.113 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 114.209 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 113.786 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 114.038 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 115.169 ms
readwrite done
