Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 76.246 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 60.258 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 56.107 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 57.287 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 55.35 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 54.854 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 55.565 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 56.758 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 57.294 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 56.716 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 54.107 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 49.03 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 56.136 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 56.93 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 56.19 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 56.423 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 56.635 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 56.871 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 57.701 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 56.687 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 56.762 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 57.868 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 57.122 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 56.808 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 57.059 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 58.069 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 57.101 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 44.921 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 44.61 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 44.361 ms
mixedload done
