Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 94.359 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 71.673 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 71.477 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 75.053 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 72.063 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 71.901 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 71.188 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 71.953 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 70.698 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 72.315 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 71.774 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 72.853 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 72.51 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 71.141 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 72.192 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 71.753 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 72.591 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 72.562 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 71.65 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 72.224 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 71.439 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 72.595 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 72.518 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 71.723 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 71.786 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 72.268 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 73.414 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 73.116 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 71.944 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 73.601 ms
mixedload done
