Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 147.177 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 122.748 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 123.977 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 129.537 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 126.738 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 128.507 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 127.456 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 124.452 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 124.629 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 126.774 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 124.813 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 126.219 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 128.415 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 130.265 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 129.708 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 126.192 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 126.335 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 123.93 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 124.56 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 124.343 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 125.412 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 129.103 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 125.19 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 124.951 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 121.804 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 124.207 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 124.23 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 124.152 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 127.36 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 127.955 ms
mixedload done
