Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 75.212 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 57.612 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 54.862 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 55.019 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 58.005 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 55.952 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 56.443 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 56.591 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 56.383 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 56.653 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 56.577 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 56.6 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 50.208 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 49.056 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 49.846 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 50.8 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 49.627 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 47.89 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 48.953 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 51.598 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 51.958 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 48.872 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 48.863 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 49.332 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 51.769 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 51.288 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 50.474 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 50.69 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 49.943 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 48.375 ms
readonly done
