Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 70.526 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 54.566 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 48.561 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 47.677 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 49.691 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 47.347 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 48.083 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 48.057 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 47.777 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 48.036 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 49.06 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 48.026 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 47.54 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 47.685 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 49.111 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 48.7 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 47.668 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 47.311 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 48.381 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 48.398 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 47.941 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 47.808 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 48.535 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 48.23 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 47.344 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 47.879 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 49.32 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 48.66 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 49.045 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 49.116 ms
readonly done
