Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsServerPid: <0.1079.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 120.56 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 95.495 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 93.443 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 92.836 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 93.485 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 95.259 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 96.22 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 95.602 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 94.315 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 95.836 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 95.33 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 95.039 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 94.816 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 95.705 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 94.69 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 95.063 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 95.517 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 97.283 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 94.574 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 95.542 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 94.84 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 95.767 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 96.016 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 95.029 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 94.33 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 94.411 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 94.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 99.474 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 94.491 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 95.358 ms
readwrite done
