Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsServerPid: <0.1079.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 124.104 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 100.959 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 98.984 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 98.947 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 98.838 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 99.003 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 100.315 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 99.772 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 98.485 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 100.124 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 100.222 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 99.051 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 99.465 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 99.401 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 97.88 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 99.633 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 101.035 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 99.117 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 97.602 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 99.199 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 99.798 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 99.071 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 99.216 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 98.496 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 98.019 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 99.049 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 101.72 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 99.412 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 99.877 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 99.347 ms
readwrite done
