Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 69.113 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 56.266 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 50.099 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 50.098 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 49.686 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 48.636 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 48.505 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 48.734 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 48.047 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 47.684 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 49.006 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 49.694 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 48.821 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 47.944 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 50.066 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 48.867 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 49.371 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 49.112 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 47.817 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 48.299 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 48.529 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 48.462 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 48.27 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 48.991 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 48.695 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 48.365 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 49.595 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 48.337 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 48.881 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 49.853 ms
readonly done
