Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 71.12 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 56.845 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 50.896 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 51.98 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 50.979 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 50.117 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 50.524 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 49.914 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 50.345 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 50.957 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 50.626 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 49.592 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 50.245 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 51.926 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 50.523 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 50.706 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 49.803 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 50.19 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 50.924 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 50.154 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 50.464 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 49.159 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 50.708 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 50.726 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 51.101 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 50.436 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 51.858 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 50.378 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 50.234 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 50.499 ms
readonly done
