Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsServerPid: <0.1079.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 126.027 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 100.803 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 108.402 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 100.902 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 98.182 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 103.737 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 117.285 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 114.022 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 114.096 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 113.835 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 114.385 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 114.286 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 113.631 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 100.513 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 99.208 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 113.242 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 114.662 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 115.318 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 114.546 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 104.571 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 105.128 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 115.206 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 114.742 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 115.783 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 119.503 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 114.877 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 115.485 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 100.162 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 113.139 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 115.12 ms
readwrite done
