Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsServerPid: <0.1079.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 137.633 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 101.467 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 108.348 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 99.329 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 100.594 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 100.792 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 103.065 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 112.575 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 113.332 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 113.771 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 105.374 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 113.776 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 109.833 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 99.28 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 99.214 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 107.378 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 107.442 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 99.775 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 112.221 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 114.262 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 114.331 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 114.864 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 114.534 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 114.875 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 118.424 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 114.283 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 114.304 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 114.383 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 114.74 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 114.511 ms
readwrite done
