Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 87.771 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 67.619 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 65.902 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 67.096 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 65.862 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 65.699 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 66.588 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 65.599 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 67.417 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 66.657 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 65.869 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 66.203 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 67.181 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 67.782 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 67.313 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 66.571 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 66.484 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 67.945 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 68.21 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 67.269 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 67.216 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 67.064 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 67.983 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 68.2 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 68.458 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 66.817 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 66.456 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 67.91 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 68.131 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 66.593 ms
mixedload done
