Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 73.081 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 57.05 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 52.112 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 53.754 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 53.068 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 52.436 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 52.444 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 52.531 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 52.857 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 53.63 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 52.58 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 52.851 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 54.036 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 54.699 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 53.963 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 53.067 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 52.374 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 52.556 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 53.353 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 52.867 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 53.176 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 53.631 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 54.222 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 52.997 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 52.814 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 53.91 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 53.544 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 54.195 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 53.302 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 53.217 ms
readonly done
