Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 86.853 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 67.724 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 62.604 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 66.424 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 63.683 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 64.43 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 65.312 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 63.019 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 64.469 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 64.362 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 65.16 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 64.085 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 64.151 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 65.514 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 64.733 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 65.486 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 65.482 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 65.942 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 65.455 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 65.727 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 65.134 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 63.659 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 65.479 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 62.837 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 65.299 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 67.568 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 67.339 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 65.473 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 64.852 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 64.646 ms
mixedload done
