Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 67.166 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 53.009 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 48.186 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 48.437 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 47.605 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 47.749 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 48.243 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 48.137 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 47.328 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 47.347 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 47.229 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 47.654 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 49.126 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 47.821 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 49.84 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 47.681 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 47.861 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 48.506 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 47.881 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 48.432 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 48.663 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 48.308 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 49.036 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 47.69 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 48.268 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 48.987 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 48.141 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 47.908 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 48.212 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 48.874 ms
mixedload done
