Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 67.941 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 57.963 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 50.201 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 50.407 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 50.978 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 49.731 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 48.93 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 53.319 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 54.965 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 55.687 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 55.672 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 56.345 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 56.862 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 56.309 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 56.566 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 56.483 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 56.43 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 56.285 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 55.969 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 55.889 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 56.947 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 57.016 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 56.319 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 56.349 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 56.803 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 57.079 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 57.618 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 49.92 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 45.537 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 45.519 ms
readonly done
