Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 65.993 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 53.468 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 47.47 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 48.401 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 46.258 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 46.36 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 46.835 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 47.158 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 47.21 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 46.485 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 46.303 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 46.665 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 47.021 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 51.267 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 47.912 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 47.708 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 46.982 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 49.026 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 48.06 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 46.975 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 47.507 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 46.964 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 50.054 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 51.297 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 49.307 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 46.864 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 48.129 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 47.184 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 46.539 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 46.88 ms
mixedload done
