Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsServerPid: <0.1079.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 126.053 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 111.26 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 111.493 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 98.011 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 98.73 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 103.899 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 112.488 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 110.805 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 111.659 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 103.48 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 98.041 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 96.406 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 96.378 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 95.087 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 95.024 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 99.118 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 101.79 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 96.23 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 96.259 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 95.646 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 97.716 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 97.811 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 96.754 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 96.176 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 96.313 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 96.612 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 102.114 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 97.4 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 96.604 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 106.413 ms
readwrite done
