Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsServerPid: <0.1079.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 122.747 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 95.73 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 93.293 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 94.87 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 94.162 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 94.044 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 95.977 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 93.659 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 94.498 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 94.036 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 94.473 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 93.638 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 93.984 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 94.759 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 94.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 94.749 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 94.661 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 96.086 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 93.799 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 93.601 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 94.671 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 93.781 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 93.711 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 93.57 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 93.602 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 93.988 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 94.334 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 94.237 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 97.999 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 93.642 ms
readwrite done
