Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 65.146 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 52.947 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 46.17 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 47.159 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 46.673 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 46.487 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 44.838 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 47.398 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 45.674 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 46.172 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 45.134 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 46.062 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 46.987 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 46.353 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 47.74 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 47.012 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 46.286 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 46.858 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 46.644 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 47.186 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 46.148 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 45.787 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 49.257 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 46.946 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 47.712 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 46.54 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 47.144 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 47.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 46.371 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 46.182 ms
mixedload done
