Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsServerPid: <0.1079.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 121.32 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 95.223 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 94.628 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 93.568 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 94.279 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 93.38 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 97.291 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 94.238 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 94.947 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 94.173 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 94.455 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 94.241 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 94.515 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 94.792 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 94.704 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 94.379 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 95.341 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 97.309 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 94.577 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 94.265 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 94.884 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 94.324 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 94.191 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 94.104 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 94.173 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 94.303 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 94.655 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 95.735 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 97.308 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 94.116 ms
readwrite done
