Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsServerPid: <0.1079.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 130.932 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 104.668 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 104.217 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 108.875 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 105.944 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 104.976 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 105.199 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 105.038 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 105.177 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 104.865 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 110.587 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 104.554 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 104.208 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 103.374 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 104.007 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 106.653 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 103.723 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 105.994 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 104.623 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 105.728 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 103.315 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 104.881 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 104.679 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 105.365 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 102.702 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 106.686 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 104.011 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 103.277 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 103.579 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 104.66 ms
readwrite done
