Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 67.611 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 55.152 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 49.247 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 48.538 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 49.353 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 47.925 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 47.728 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 48.586 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 49.188 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 48.093 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 48.38 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 49.397 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 48.468 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 49.041 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 48.307 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 48.567 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 47.821 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 49.047 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 47.403 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 47.566 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 47.774 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 48.188 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 48.049 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 48.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 47.492 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 47.565 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 47.801 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 49.99 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 48.878 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 47.976 ms
readonly done
