Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 70.893 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 53.55 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 50.039 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 50.878 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 49.427 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 48.137 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 49.186 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 50.422 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 50.085 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 49.153 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 50.488 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 49.435 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 50.537 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 50.499 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 50.093 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 51.776 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 50.025 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 50.257 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 49.564 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 50.269 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 50.598 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 51.602 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 50.447 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 49.661 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 49.752 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 51.171 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 49.777 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 50.595 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 50.425 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 50.549 ms
mixedload done
