Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsServerPid: <0.1079.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 123.793 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 96.433 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 93.716 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 94.739 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 96.276 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 95.425 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 98.163 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 94.687 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 95.047 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 95.075 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 100.635 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 95.045 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 95.033 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 94.703 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 94.562 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 95.309 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 95.624 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 98.476 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 95.471 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 94.778 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 95.382 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 95.27 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 94.658 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 95.513 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 95.13 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 95.12 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 95.372 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 100.317 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 95.871 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 94.806 ms
readwrite done
