Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 85.904 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 63.263 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 61.709 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 63.629 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 62.686 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 63.058 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 62.534 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 61.991 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 60.988 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 62.428 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 61.53 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 62.66 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 62.405 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 62.952 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 63.184 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 62.66 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 63.363 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 62.381 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 62.371 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 62.198 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 61.038 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 63.468 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 61.934 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 62.829 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 65.59 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 65.221 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 63.259 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 64.02 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 64.392 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 62.947 ms
mixedload done
