Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 70.891 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 55.937 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 52.244 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 54.616 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 52.396 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 52.537 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 51.899 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 53.478 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 53.08 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 51.866 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 53.071 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 53.472 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 52.325 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 53.155 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 53.108 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 53.194 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 52.592 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 52.496 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 53.863 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 52.351 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 53.571 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 53.036 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 54.046 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 52.471 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 53.294 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 53.689 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 52.717 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 52.537 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 52.563 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 53.972 ms
mixedload done
