Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 67.257 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 57.113 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 48.823 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 50.914 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 48.821 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 49.187 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 50.482 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 49.919 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 53.337 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 49.378 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 48.057 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 47.842 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 47.897 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 50.969 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 55.388 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 55.986 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 57.329 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 54.583 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 48.289 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 49.049 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 47.592 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 47.507 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 47.349 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 47.616 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 48.95 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 46.859 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 47.838 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 51.572 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 52.08 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 52.32 ms
mixedload done
