Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 69.159 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 57.002 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 51.173 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 52.257 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 53.485 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 51.782 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 51.104 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 52.526 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 56.387 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 58.613 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 58.137 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 57.695 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 60.038 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 57.794 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 57.141 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 57.802 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 58.307 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 58.158 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 59.036 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 58.464 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 58.491 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 58.39 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 59.362 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 58.849 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 59.348 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 59.16 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 58.135 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 47.886 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 48.061 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 47.554 ms
readonly done
