Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 101.297 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 79.261 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 77.071 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 78.323 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 79.43 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 76.274 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 78.484 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 76.181 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 78.593 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 78.077 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 77.523 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 77.714 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 77.813 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 76.897 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 78.037 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 77.476 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 76.828 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 77.248 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 77.111 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 77.134 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 76.698 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 77.717 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 77.585 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 77.609 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 77.506 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 77.703 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 77.087 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 77.223 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 78.497 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 78.047 ms
readonly done
