Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 68.234 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 56.785 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 48.619 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 48.633 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 51.084 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 49.104 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 48.426 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 49.76 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 48.808 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 47.893 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 48.796 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 48.016 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 48.687 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 49.578 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 48.252 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 49.557 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 49.3 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 50.363 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 49.249 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 49.668 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 49.202 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 49.61 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 49.172 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 49.375 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 49.528 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 49.144 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 49.703 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 49.246 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 48.875 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 48.24 ms
readonly done
