Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 255.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 261.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 249.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 248.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 242.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 243.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 240.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 252.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 263.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 263.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 260.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 261.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 258.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 260.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 264.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 281.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 265.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 263.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 265.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 267.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 261.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 264.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 256.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 260.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 274.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 281.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 260.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 262.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 262.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 262.0 ms
readonly done
