Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

ServerPid: <0.82.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 812.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 764.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 742.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 797.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 746.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 823.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 727.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 726.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 778.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 766.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 744.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 740.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 722.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 723.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 718.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 734.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 766.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 718.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 757.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 726.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 737.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 705.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 733.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 742.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 734.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 724.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 722.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 711.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 708.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 725.0 ms
readwrite done
