Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 376.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 356.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 347.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 338.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 349.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 341.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 341.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 343.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 341.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 349.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 349.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 385.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 386.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 370.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 350.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 351.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 343.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 352.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 409.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 371.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 373.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 347.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 343.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 360.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 368.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 354.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 382.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 386.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 378.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 347.0 ms
readonly done
