Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 628.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 636.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 625.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 626.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 621.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 811.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 760.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 630.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 644.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 619.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 607.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 614.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 614.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 637.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 627.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 609.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 628.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 629.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 628.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 626.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 615.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 641.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 642.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 633.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 616.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 637.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 625.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 705.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 629.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 675.0 ms
readonly done
