Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

ServerPid: <0.82.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 558.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 529.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 511.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 577.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 551.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 559.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 591.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 543.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 618.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 563.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 537.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 585.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 581.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 542.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 551.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 602.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 592.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 558.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 568.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 570.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 599.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 550.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 595.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 534.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 602.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 590.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 569.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 544.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 585.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 544.0 ms
readwrite done
