Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

ServerPid: <0.82.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 561.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 541.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 522.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 589.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 549.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 553.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 588.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 548.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 615.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 566.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 538.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 587.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 582.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 546.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 573.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 605.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 590.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 583.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 493.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 647.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 545.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 556.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 588.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 571.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 596.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 590.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 572.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 547.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 589.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 542.0 ms
readwrite done
