Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 283.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 245.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 243.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 271.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 255.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 257.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 267.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 307.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 284.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 280.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 304.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 276.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 267.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 271.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 286.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 267.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 264.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 284.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 274.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 273.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 267.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 288.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 269.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 293.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 301.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 266.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 272.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 269.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 288.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 271.0 ms
mixedload done
