Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

ServerPid: <0.82.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 565.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 540.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 517.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 555.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 530.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 537.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 566.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 529.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 651.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 545.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 540.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 566.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 582.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 563.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 550.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 574.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 569.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 571.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 556.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 544.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 563.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 539.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 569.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 518.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 579.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 577.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 526.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 573.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 549.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 571.0 ms
readwrite done

BREAK: (a)bort (A)bort with dump (c)ontinue (p)roc info (i)nfo
       (l)oaded (v)ersion (k)ill (D)b-tables (d)istribution
