Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

ServerPid: <0.82.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 2827.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 2.8e3 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 2865.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 2806.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 2744.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 2752.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 2731.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 2759.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 2731.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 2694.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 2646.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 2815.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 2744.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 2650.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 2739.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 3067.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 2750.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 2756.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 2642.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 2726.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 2762.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 2763.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 2571.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 2792.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 2753.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 2644.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 2692.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 2865.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 2678.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 2641.0 ms
readwrite done
