Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsServerPid: <0.1082.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 218.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 215.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 213.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 212.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 208.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 207.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 207.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 219.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 241.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 237.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 238.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 239.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 285.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 287.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 270.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 259.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 236.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 243.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 238.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 236.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 281.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 236.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 238.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 238.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 237.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 240.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 238.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 236.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 232.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 238.0 ms
readwrite done
