Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 139.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 147.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 149.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 155.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 146.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 144.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 148.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 150.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 146.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 151.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 152.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 171.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 165.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 167.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 165.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 165.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 166.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 166.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 166.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 167.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 163.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 168.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 163.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 167.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 162.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 164.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 161.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 164.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 164.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 166.0 ms
mixedload done
