Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 128.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 145.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 144.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 145.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 145.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 151.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 155.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 148.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 153.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 149.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 149.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 164.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 175.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 165.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 167.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 158.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 161.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 158.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 162.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 172.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 163.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 160.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 159.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 160.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 166.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 160.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 160.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 161.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 161.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 163.0 ms
readonly done
