Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsServerPid: <0.1082.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 366.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 363.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 359.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 357.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 364.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 389.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 386.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 383.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 380.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 387.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 393.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 388.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 384.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 384.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 388.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 379.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 382.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 381.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 378.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 385.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 382.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 380.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 379.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 380.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 384.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 380.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 381.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 383.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 388.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 386.0 ms
readwrite done
