Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Server initialization wall clock time = 57.0 ms
Number of clients: 100
Number of operations per client: 2000

Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 621.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 609.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 572.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 547.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 613.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 556.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 574.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 567.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 591.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 575.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 592.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 569.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 554.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 604.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 577.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 546.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 579.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 556.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 582.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 590.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 578.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 546.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 597.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 575.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 554.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 586.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 556.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 586.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 599.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 569.0 ms
readwrite done
