Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Server initialization wall clock time = 59.0 ms
Number of clients: 100
Number of operations per client: 2000

Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 829.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 796.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 775.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 760.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 791.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 757.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 772.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 762.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 778.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 785.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 799.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 773.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 743.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 793.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 761.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 756.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 768.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 763.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 787.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 786.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 781.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 739.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 786.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 787.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 753.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 770.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 766.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 781.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 783.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 759.0 ms
readwrite done
