Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Server initialization wall clock time = 60.0 ms
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 511.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 537.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 509.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 445.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 550.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 458.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 516.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 502.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 465.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 486.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 516.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 482.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 431.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 541.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 501.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 454.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 492.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 458.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 495.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 510.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 505.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 407.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 531.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 493.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 458.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 500.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 502.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 460.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 521.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 480.0 ms
readwrite done
