Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Server initialization wall clock time = 60.0 ms
Number of clients: 100
Number of operations per client: 1000

Starting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 666.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 632.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 647.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 638.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 635.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 628.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 627.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 625.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 620.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 620.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 622.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 622.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 619.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 619.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 627.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 626.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 624.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 624.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 633.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 623.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 626.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 630.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 629.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 623.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 623.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 625.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 623.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 624.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 623.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 624.0 ms
mixedload done
