Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Server initialization wall clock time = 61.0 ms
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 523.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 557.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 514.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 456.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 557.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 469.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 509.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 509.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 465.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 490.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 530.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 496.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 438.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 545.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 507.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 471.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 507.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 473.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 501.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 526.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 517.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 426.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 534.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 505.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 481.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 513.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 507.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 460.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 542.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 495.0 ms
readwrite done
