Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Server initialization wall clock time = 42.0 ms
Starting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 611.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 734.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 734.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 724.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 730.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 748.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 730.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 734.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 720.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 714.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 717.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 723.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 715.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 717.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 713.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 712.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 715.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 717.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 709.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 702.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 706.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 702.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 731.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 710.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 715.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 717.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 711.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 710.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 705.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 707.0 ms
readonly done
