Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Server initialization wall clock time = 43.0 ms
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 365.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 352.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 350.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 355.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 357.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 369.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 350.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 346.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 353.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 347.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 340.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 338.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 339.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 346.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 342.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 336.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 339.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 341.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 343.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 341.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 338.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 342.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 344.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 334.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 339.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 335.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 335.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 341.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 338.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 334.0 ms
readwrite done
