Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Server initialization wall clock time = 42.0 ms
Number of clients: 100
Number of operations per client: 1000

Starting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 132.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 135.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 129.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 133.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 130.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 132.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 130.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 130.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 129.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 127.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 129.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 128.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 130.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 129.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 129.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 128.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 125.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 124.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 123.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 124.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 124.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 123.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 124.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 125.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 123.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 124.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 124.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 124.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 121.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 123.0 ms
readonly done
