Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Server initialization wall clock time = 43.0 ms
Number of clients: 100
Number of operations per client: 2000

Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 541.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 534.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 536.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 534.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 535.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 524.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 522.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 516.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 521.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 520.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 517.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 515.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 514.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 514.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 524.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 516.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 519.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 516.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 514.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 519.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 511.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 518.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 511.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 516.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 512.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 515.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 512.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 516.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 521.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 513.0 ms
readwrite done
