Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Server initialization wall clock time = 41.0 ms
Starting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 334.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 379.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 382.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 389.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 385.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 379.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 381.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 368.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 369.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 365.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 366.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 363.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 361.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 364.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 358.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 360.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 367.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 367.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 359.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 360.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 365.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 355.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 353.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 354.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 355.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 354.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 359.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 355.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 358.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 359.0 ms
mixedload done
