Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Server initialization wall clock time = 67.0 ms
Number of clients: 100
Number of operations per client: 2000

Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 1418.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 1344.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 1339.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 1333.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 1332.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 1352.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 1324.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 1324.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 1321.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 1325.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 1321.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 1309.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 1319.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 1350.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 1324.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 1330.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 1336.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 1390.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 1323.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 1325.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 1341.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 1312.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 1326.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 1330.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 1337.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 1325.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 1335.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 1329.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 1347.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 1328.0 ms
readwrite done
