Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Server initialization wall clock time = 44.0 ms
Number of clients: 100
Number of operations per client: 2000

Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 220.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 213.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 211.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 215.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 221.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 249.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 246.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 243.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 236.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 205.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 207.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 207.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 204.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 230.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 231.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 228.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 227.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 224.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 224.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 226.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 235.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 224.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 279.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 249.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 225.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 224.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 229.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 229.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 228.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 225.0 ms
readwrite done
