Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Server initialization wall clock time = 41.0 ms
Starting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 691.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 825.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 835.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 834.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 821.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 805.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 805.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 804.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 801.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 802.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 799.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 805.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 799.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 799.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 801.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 809.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 826.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 804.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 797.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 803.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 803.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 810.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 803.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 807.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 808.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 808.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 806.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 807.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 823.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 808.0 ms
readonly done
