Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Server initialization wall clock time = 42.0 ms
Starting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 384.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 451.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 454.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 458.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 456.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 454.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 443.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 453.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 440.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 449.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 442.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 445.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 440.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 440.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 442.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 446.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 506.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 454.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 463.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 445.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 444.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 443.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 454.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 445.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 444.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 441.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 444.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 441.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 440.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 463.0 ms
readonly done
