Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Server initialization wall clock time = 43.0 ms
Number of clients: 100
Number of operations per client: 1000

Starting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 104.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 106.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 109.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 108.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 106.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 110.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 112.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 107.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 106.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 117.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 116.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 119.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 114.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 124.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 117.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 117.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 101.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 115.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 106.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 100.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 103.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 100.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 97.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 100.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 100.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 101.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 100.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 100.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 101.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 99.0 ms
mixedload done
