Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Server initialization wall clock time = 58.0 ms
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 700.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 650.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 637.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 673.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 623.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 607.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 651.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 616.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 681.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 619.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 626.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 647.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 612.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 638.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 620.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 645.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 665.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 627.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 641.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 623.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 637.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 611.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 645.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 630.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 663.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 641.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 642.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 614.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 632.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 614.0 ms
readwrite done
