Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Server initialization wall clock time = 60.0 ms
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 656.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 635.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 605.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 649.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 570.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 569.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 616.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 577.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 674.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 585.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 573.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 610.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 606.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 566.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 570.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 615.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 632.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 583.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 594.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 589.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 607.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 565.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 615.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 569.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 625.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 628.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 600.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 568.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 609.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 567.0 ms
readwrite done
