Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Server initialization wall clock time = 60.0 ms
Starting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 323.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 279.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 283.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 303.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 288.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 290.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 287.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 302.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 286.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 310.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 380.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 341.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 377.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 399.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 423.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 389.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 611.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 337.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 326.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 328.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 337.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 370.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 344.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 374.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 367.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 360.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 334.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 412.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 459.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 365.0 ms
mixedload done
