Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Server initialization wall clock time = 54.0 ms
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 1526.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 1447.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 1458.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 1454.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 1445.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 1438.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 1445.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 1444.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 1438.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 1455.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 1444.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 1443.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 1442.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 1441.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 1441.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 1435.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 1452.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 1440.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 1443.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 1437.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 1438.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 1437.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 1436.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 1450.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 1439.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 1435.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 1433.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 1440.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 1435.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 1436.0 ms
readwrite done
