Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Server initialization wall clock time = 657.0 ms
Starting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 298.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 270.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 215.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 215.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 241.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 224.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 267.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 198.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 202.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 265.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 201.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 192.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 207.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 277.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 164.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 206.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 171.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 181.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 176.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 172.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 173.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 174.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 166.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 196.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 179.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 183.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 178.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 169.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 225.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 168.0 ms
readonly done
