Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Server initialization wall clock time = 53.0 ms
Starting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 714.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 861.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 865.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 871.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 864.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 861.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 861.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 863.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 856.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 852.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 842.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 845.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 845.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 854.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 853.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 897.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 864.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 849.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 854.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 856.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 867.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 864.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 851.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 853.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 851.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 868.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 870.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 861.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 859.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 860.0 ms
readonly done
