Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Server initialization wall clock time = 53.0 ms
Starting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 717.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 814.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 804.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 809.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 787.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 784.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 849.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 788.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 797.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 794.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 827.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 800.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 783.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 781.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 777.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 795.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 778.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 853.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 793.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 782.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 776.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 775.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 789.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 791.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 792.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 795.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 780.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 775.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 802.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 784.0 ms
mixedload done
