Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Server initialization wall clock time = 54.0 ms
Starting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 133.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 144.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 141.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 159.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 140.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 138.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 140.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 138.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 140.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 139.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 136.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 138.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 142.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 139.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 141.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 137.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 137.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 138.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 137.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 137.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 139.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 138.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 137.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 138.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 136.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 137.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 137.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 137.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 139.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 138.0 ms
mixedload done
