Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Server initialization wall clock time = 53.0 ms
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 1736.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 1638.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 1643.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 1659.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 1642.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 1645.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 1645.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 1640.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 1658.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 1632.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 1627.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 1638.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 1632.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 1637.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 1628.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 1641.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 1623.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 1636.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 1660.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 1628.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 1644.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 1639.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 1636.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 1640.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 1654.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 1636.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 1634.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 1632.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 1631.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 1638.0 ms
readwrite done
