Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 10874.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 10839.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 10862.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 10860.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 10869.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 10868.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 10865.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 10852.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 10857.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 10865.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 10856.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 10853.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 10866.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 10859.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 10867.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 10869.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 10867.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 10879.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 10870.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 10861.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 10870.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 10878.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 10877.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 10853.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 10853.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 10861.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 10867.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 10850.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 10863.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 10866.0 ms
readonly done
