Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsStarting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 10885.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 10850.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 10874.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 10867.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 10858.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 10865.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 10849.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 10859.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 10868.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 10854.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 10864.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 10884.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 10866.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 10853.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 10848.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 10867.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 10869.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 10864.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 10843.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 10881.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 10883.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 10870.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 10858.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 10869.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 10862.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 10864.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 10885.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 10866.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 10853.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 10868.0 ms
mixedload done
