Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Converting initbucketsServerPid: <0.1082.0>
Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 10899.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 21722.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 21713.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 21748.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 21725.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 21731.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 21736.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 21708.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 21708.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 21724.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 21716.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 21729.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 21733.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 21749.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 21728.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 21720.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 21745.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 21743.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 21725.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 21745.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 21724.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 21747.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 21758.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 21737.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 21752.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 21714.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 21737.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 21753.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 2.17e4 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 21724.0 ms
readwrite done
