Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 936.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 886.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 913.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 919.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 829.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 860.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 897.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 853.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 893.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 875.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 961.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 944.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 918.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 945.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 985.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 940.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 935.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 897.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 853.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 847.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 872.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 848.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 849.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 876.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 880.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 842.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 859.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 840.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 856.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 860.0 ms
readwrite done
