Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 341.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 295.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 296.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 336.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 299.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 310.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 310.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 323.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 306.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 311.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 305.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 299.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 298.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 327.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 326.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 308.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 297.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 309.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 316.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 300.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 313.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 310.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 288.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 292.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 308.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 308.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 314.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 354.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 322.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 301.0 ms
mixedload done
