Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 741.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 665.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 640.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 688.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 657.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 834.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 688.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 649.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 699.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 650.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 638.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 655.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 622.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 639.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 635.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 655.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 668.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 626.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 629.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 693.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 649.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 633.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 649.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 649.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 658.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 625.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 696.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 629.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 649.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 618.0 ms
readwrite done
