Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 675.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 629.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 609.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 663.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 598.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 675.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 669.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 635.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 697.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 631.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 646.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 670.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 696.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 625.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 630.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 669.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 681.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 660.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 631.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 726.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 583.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 614.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 650.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 653.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 744.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 864.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 769.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 714.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 719.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 600.0 ms
readwrite done
