Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 1650.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 1530.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 1561.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 1508.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 1449.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 1476.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 1522.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 1632.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 1467.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 1461.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 1503.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 1515.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 1491.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 1447.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 1461.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 1464.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 1512.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 1537.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 1507.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 1464.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 1563.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 1527.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 1475.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 1437.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 1485.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 1453.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 1457.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 1433.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 1454.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 1449.0 ms
readwrite done
