Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark readonly: 1
Wall clock time = 812.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 2
Wall clock time = 773.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 3
Wall clock time = 778.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 4
Wall clock time = 773.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 5
Wall clock time = 767.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 6
Wall clock time = 754.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 7
Wall clock time = 753.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 8
Wall clock time = 778.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 9
Wall clock time = 775.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 10
Wall clock time = 786.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 11
Wall clock time = 789.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 12
Wall clock time = 913.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 13
Wall clock time = 812.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 14
Wall clock time = 875.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 15
Wall clock time = 811.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 16
Wall clock time = 759.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 17
Wall clock time = 840.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 18
Wall clock time = 770.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 19
Wall clock time = 767.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 20
Wall clock time = 828.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 21
Wall clock time = 785.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 22
Wall clock time = 781.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 23
Wall clock time = 777.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 24
Wall clock time = 770.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 25
Wall clock time = 787.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 26
Wall clock time = 770.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 27
Wall clock time = 808.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 28
Wall clock time = 789.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 29
Wall clock time = 781.0 ms
readonly done
Starting benchmark readonly: 30
Wall clock time = 788.0 ms
readonly done
