Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 831.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 789.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 813.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 838.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 803.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 798.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 858.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 770.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 741.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 747.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 708.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 706.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 708.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 720.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 705.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 710.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 701.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 714.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 749.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 747.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 764.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 757.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 725.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 730.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 717.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 733.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 770.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 901.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 730.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 710.0 ms
mixedload done
