Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark mixedload: 1
Wall clock time = 478.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 2
Wall clock time = 416.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 3
Wall clock time = 424.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 4
Wall clock time = 418.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 5
Wall clock time = 408.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 6
Wall clock time = 413.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 7
Wall clock time = 407.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 8
Wall clock time = 416.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 9
Wall clock time = 433.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 10
Wall clock time = 402.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 11
Wall clock time = 410.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 12
Wall clock time = 398.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 13
Wall clock time = 400.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 14
Wall clock time = 406.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 15
Wall clock time = 451.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 16
Wall clock time = 452.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 17
Wall clock time = 412.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 18
Wall clock time = 407.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 19
Wall clock time = 404.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 20
Wall clock time = 405.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 21
Wall clock time = 439.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 22
Wall clock time = 448.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 23
Wall clock time = 455.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 24
Wall clock time = 401.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 25
Wall clock time = 407.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 26
Wall clock time = 405.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 27
Wall clock time = 403.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 28
Wall clock time = 417.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 29
Wall clock time = 407.0 ms
mixedload done
Starting benchmark mixedload: 30
Wall clock time = 402.0 ms
mixedload done
