Parameters:
Number of buckets: 1000
Number of keys per bucket: 100
Number of keys total: 100000

Starting benchmark readwrite: 1
Wall clock time = 790.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 2
Wall clock time = 758.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 3
Wall clock time = 668.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 4
Wall clock time = 681.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 5
Wall clock time = 583.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 6
Wall clock time = 600.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 7
Wall clock time = 635.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 8
Wall clock time = 657.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 9
Wall clock time = 684.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 10
Wall clock time = 629.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 11
Wall clock time = 633.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 12
Wall clock time = 768.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 13
Wall clock time = 748.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 14
Wall clock time = 730.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 15
Wall clock time = 967.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 16
Wall clock time = 708.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 17
Wall clock time = 683.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 18
Wall clock time = 604.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 19
Wall clock time = 665.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 20
Wall clock time = 617.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 21
Wall clock time = 673.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 22
Wall clock time = 622.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 23
Wall clock time = 645.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 24
Wall clock time = 591.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 25
Wall clock time = 656.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 26
Wall clock time = 654.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 27
Wall clock time = 643.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 28
Wall clock time = 651.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 29
Wall clock time = 584.0 ms
readwrite done
Starting benchmark readwrite: 30
Wall clock time = 644.0 ms
readwrite done
